{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f2\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 SegoeUI;}{\f3\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f5\fnil Segoe UI;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red5\green99\blue193;\red0\green0\blue0;\red36\green41\blue46;\red4\green74\blue100;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18333}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\f0\fs19\lang9 Third Party Notices\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\fs20 This software is based on or incorporates material from the projects listed below (collectively, \ldblquote Third-Party Code\rdblquote ). Please Note: Microsoft is not the original author of the Third-Party Code. The original copyright notice and license text under which Microsoft received the Third-Party Code are set forth below. Such licenses and notices are provided solely for your information. Unless otherwise noted below, Microsoft, not the third party, licenses this Third-Party Code to you under the terms by which you received the Microsoft software or the service. Microsoft reserves all other rights not expressly granted, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise.\par
\par
Do Not Translate or Localize\par
\par
Current Third-Party Notices can be found at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://aka.ms/thirdpartynotices }}{\fldrslt{http://aka.ms/thirdpartynotices\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\fs19\par
----------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b ALAC\b0\par
Copyright (c) 2011 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.\line @APPLE_APACHE_LICENSE_HEADER_START@\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
You may obtain a copy of the License at {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and  limitations under the License.\par
@APPLE_APACHE_LICENSE_HEADER_END@\line Provided for Informational Purposes Only\line Apache 2.0 License\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "../../carlawei/AppData/Local/Microsoft/Windows/INetCache/Content.Outlook/Z8NBHHTV/www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0}}}}\f0\fs19\par
THIS CODE IS PROVIDED ON AN *AS IS* BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABLITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 See the Apache Version 2.0 License for specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License. \line\par
-------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b AllSeen Alliance's AllJoyn\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 {\b0\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://git.allseenalliance.org/gerrit/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul git.allseenalliance.org/}}}}{\b0\f0\fs19\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://git.allseenalliance.org/gerrit/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul gerrit}}}}{\cf0\ulnone\b\f0\fs19\lang9{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://git.allseenalliance.org/gerrit/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul /#/admin/projects/}}}}\cf0\ulnone\b\f0\fs19\lang9\line Provided for Informational Purposes Only\line Copyright (c) 2009-2014, AllSeen Alliance. All rights reserved.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
----------------------------------\par
Anti-Grain Geometry - Version 2.4\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Copyright (C) 2002-2004 Maxim Shemanarev (McSeem)\line Provided for Informational Purposes Only \line BSD License \line All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ""AS IS"" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\cf3\b\lang1033 asio v1-8.3\b0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:\par
\par
The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and\par
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\cf0\lang9\par
-------------------------------------------------\par
\b Async.js\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Caolan McMahon\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\b ----------------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Autodesk, Inc\b0 . \par
\'a9 Copyright 1995 by Autodesk, Inc.\par
This product contains graphics filter software; this software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.\par
This product includes software from the 'libpng' PNG reference library.\par
This product includes \ldblquote True Verb\rdblquote  technology from KS Waves Ltd.\par
Contains Runtime Modules of Lotus C++ API Toolkit for Notes/Domino. (c) Copyright IBM Corporation 2003. All rights reserved. \par
AGS-Thomson Microelectronics, Inc.\par
Copyright 1996 SGS-Thomson Microelectronics, Inc. All Rights Reserved\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
------------------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\cf3\b\lang1033 better-enums v0.11.1\cf0\lang9\par
\cf4\b0\lang1033 Copyright 2016 Anton Bachin\lang9\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf0\lang1033 BSD License\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ""AS IS"" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\cf4\lang9 The original version of the library was developed by the author in the winter of 2012-2013 at Hudson River Trading, as a replacement for an older generator called BETTER_ENUM.\cf0\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b0\par
----------------------------------\par
\par
\b Bigelow and Holmes\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 Lucida\'ae typeface(s) \line Copyright\'a9 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988 and 1990 by Bigelow & Holmes \line U.S. Patents Des. 289,420; Des. 289,421; Des. 289,422; Des. 289,773\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
------------------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Bob Jenkins\b0  \par
(c) Bob Jenkins, 1996. 74512.261@compuserve.com.\par
You may use this code any way you wish, private, educational, or commercial, as long as this whole comment accompanies it.\par
See {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/bob_jenkins/evahash.htm }}{\fldrslt{http://ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/bob_jenkins/evahash.htm\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19\par
Use to detect changes between revisions of documents, assuming nobody is trying to cause collisions. Do NOT use for cryptography.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
-------------\par
\b Boost\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following: \par
The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ------------------------------------------\par
\b BRLTTY\b0  \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Do Not Translate or Localize\par
This product incorporates copyrighted material from the open source project listed below (Third-Party IP). The license terms of Microsoft Corporation\rquote s product do not apply to the Third-Party IP which is licensed to you under its original license terms which are provided below. Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly granted herein, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise. You may find a copy of the Corresponding Source code, if and as required under the Third Party IP License, at {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://3rdpartysource.microsoft.com/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\lang9 http://3rdpartysource.microsoft.com}}}}\f0\fs19 . You may also obtain a copy of the source code for a period of three years after our last shipment of this product, if and as required under the Third Party IP license, by sending a check or money order for US$5.00 to:\par
Source Code Compliance Team\line Microsoft Corporation\line One Microsoft Way\line Redmond, WA 98052 USA\par
Please write \ldblquote source for BRLTTY\rdblquote  in the memo line of your payment. \par
--------------\par
Copyright (C) 1995-2003 by the BRLTTY Team.\~\par
{\cf2\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mielke.cc/brltty/contact.html" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul http://mielke.cc/brltty/contact.html\par
}}}}\f0\fs19 The GNU General Public License (GPL-2.0)\line Version 2, June 1991\par
Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\line 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA\par
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies \line of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
Preamble\par
The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users. This General Public License applies to most of the Free Software Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to using it. (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by the GNU Library General Public License instead.) You can apply it to your programs, too.\par
When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.\par
To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.\par
For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that you have. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.\par
We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the software.\par
Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free software. If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.\par
Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software patents. We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the program proprietary. To prevent this, we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.\par
The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow.\par
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION\par
0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under the terms of this General Public License. The Program, below, refers to any such program or work, and a work based on the Program means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term modification.) Each licensee is addressed as "you".\par
Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Program (independent of having been made by running the Program). Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.\par
1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License along with the Program.\par
You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.\par
2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:\par
a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.\par
b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.\par
c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when run, you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this License. (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on the Program is not required to print an announcement.)\par
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.\par
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Program.\par
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License.\par
3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:\par
a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,\par
b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,\par
c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to distribute corresponding source code. (This alternative is allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the program in object code or executable form with such an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)\par
The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. For an executable work, complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the executable. However, as a special exception, the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable.\par
If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place counts as distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.\par
4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.\par
5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Program or its derivative works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it.\par
6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.\par
7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at all. For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.\par
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.\par
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system, which is implemented by public license practices. Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice.\par
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License.\par
8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Program under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License.\par
9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Program does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.\par
NO WARRANTY\par
11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs\par
If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.\par
To do so, attach the following notices to the program. It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.\par
One line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.\par
Copyright (C) \par
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA\par
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.\par
If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this when it starts in an interactive mode:\par
Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) year name of author Gnomovision comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'. This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.\par
The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate parts of the General Public License. Of course, the commands you use may be called something other than `show w' and `show c'; they could even be mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.\par
You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if necessary. Here is a sample; alter the names:\par
Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program `Gnomovision' (which makes passes at compilers) written by James Hacker.\par
signature of Ty Coon, 1 April 1989\par
Ty Coon, President of Vice\par
This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library. If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Library General Public License instead of this License.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
----------------------------------\par
\par
\cf3\b\f1 Caffe\b0\par
\par
COPYRIGHT\par
\par
All contributions by the University of California:\par
Copyright (c) 2014-2017 The Regents of the University of California (Regents)\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
All other contributions:\par
Copyright (c) 2014-2017, the respective contributors\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Caffe uses a shared copyright model: each contributor holds copyright over\par
their contributions to Caffe. The project versioning records all such\par
contribution and copyright details. If a contributor wants to further mark\par
their specific copyright on a particular contribution, they should indicate\par
their copyright solely in the commit message of the change when it is\par
committed.\par
\par
LICENSE\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this\par
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\par
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation\par
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED\par
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE\par
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR\par
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND\par
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT\par
\par
By contributing to the BVLC/caffe repository through pull-request, comment,\par
or otherwise, the contributor releases their content to the\par
license and copyright terms herein.\par
\cf0\f0\par
----------------------------------\par
\par
\b Caffe2\par
\b0\par
Copyright (c) 2016-present, Facebook Inc. All rights reserved.\par
\par
All contributions by Facebook:\par
Copyright (c) 2016 Facebook Inc.\par
 \par
All contributions by Google:\par
Copyright (c) 2015 Google Inc.\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
All contributions by Yangqing Jia:\par
Copyright (c) 2015 Yangqing Jia\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
All contributions from Caffe:\par
Copyright(c) 2013, 2014, 2015, the respective contributors\par
All rights reserved.\par
 \par
All other contributions:\par
Copyright(c) 2015, 2016 the respective contributors\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the ""License"");\par
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
   You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
       {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19\par
\par
   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
   distributed under the License is distributed on an ""AS IS"" BASIS,\par
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
   limitations under the License.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------\par
\b Carnegie Mellon University\b0\par
Copyright (c) 1989-2005 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved. \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
This work was supported in part by funding from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and the National Science Foundation of the United States of America, and the CMU Sphinx Speech Consortium. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY NOR ITS EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b --------------------------------------------------\par
Cisco ISAKMP Services\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 RSA Data Security, Inc. \line Copyright \'a9 1990, RSA Data Security, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing this software or this function. License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided that such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing the derived work. \par
RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no representations concerning either the merchantability of this software or the suitability of this software for any particular purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty of any kind.\par
These notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this documentation and/or software.\par
Regents of The University of Michigan\line Copyright \'a9 1995, 1996 Regents of The University of Michigan.\par
All Rights Reserved.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of The University of Michigan not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission. This software is supplied as is without expressed or implied warranties of any kind.\par
Copyright \'a9 1993, 1994 Regents of the University of Michigan.\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted provided that this notice is preserved and that due credit is given to the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. The name of the University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. This software is provided ``as is'' without express or implied warranty.\par
Massachusetts Institute of Technology\par
Copyright 1989, 1990 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. All Rights Reserved.\par
Export of this software from the United States of America may require a specific license from the United States Government. It is the responsibility of any person or organization contemplating export to obtain such a license before exporting.\par
WITHIN THAT CONSTRAINT, permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission. M.I.T. makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
Under U.S. law, this software may not be exported outside the US without license from the U.S. Commerce department.\par
Copyright 1994 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. All Rights Reserved.\par
Export of this software from the United States of America may require a specific license from the United States Government. It is the responsibility of any person or organization contemplating export to obtain such a license before exporting.\par
WITHIN THAT CONSTRAINT, permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission. M.I.T. makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
This product includes software developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par
-------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b CLANG\par
\b0 University of Illinois/NCSA\line Open Source License\line Copyright (c) 2007-2015 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.\par
Developed by:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\sb120\sa120 LLVM Team\line University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign\line {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://llvm.org/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul http://llvm.org}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\lang1033\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\cf0\lang9 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\line this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with\line the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to\line use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies\line of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do\line so, subject to the following conditions:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb120\sa120 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\line this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.\par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,\line this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the\line documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
* Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at\line Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to\line endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific\line prior written permission.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\line IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS\line FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.\~ IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\line CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\line LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\line OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE\line SOFTWARE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf3\b\f2 CodePlex Foundation\par
\b0\par
Copyright (c) 2009 CodePlex Foundation.\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
\par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
\par
Neither the name of the CodePlex Foundation nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\cf0\f0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par
\b Colormap Computation\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 by Spencer W. Thomas.\par
* This software is copyrighted as noted below. It may be freely copied, modified, and redistributed, provided that the copyright notice is preserved on all copies.\par
* There is no warranty or other guarantee of fitness for this software, it is provided solely "as is". Bug reports or fixes may be sent to the author, who may or may not act on them as he desires.\par
* You may not include this software in a program or other software product without supplying the source, or without informing the end-user that the source is available for no extra charge.\par
* If you modify this software, you should include a notice giving the name of the person performing the modification, the date of modification, and the reason for such modification.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b -------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 crunch crnlib - Version 1.04\b0\line  \line Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Rich Geldreich and Tenacious Software LLC \line Provided for Informational Purposes Only\par
Zlib/libpng License \par
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required.\line\line 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software. \line\line 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b CUDD\b0\par
Copyright (c) 2004 The Regents of the University of Colorado. All rights reserved. \par
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \line this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
Neither the name of the University of Colorado nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Curl\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
Copyright (c) 1996 - 2017, Daniel Stenberg, {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:daniel@haxx.se" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\lang9 daniel@haxx.se}}}}\f0\fs19 , and many contributors, see the THANKS file.\par
All rights reserved.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
----------------------------------\par
\b Date v2.4.1\par
\b0 date.h\par
\par
The MIT License (MIT)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2015, 2016, 2017 Howard Hinnant\par
Copyright (c) 2016 Adrian Colomitchi\par
Copyright (c) 2017 Florian Dang\par
Copyright (c) 2017 Paul Thompson\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b David Gottner\b0  \par
Copyright 1994, David Gottner \line All Rights Reserved \par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice, this permission notice and the following disclaimer notice appear unmodified in all copies. \par
I DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL I BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. \par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Dot-packer.js\par
\b0 Copyright (c) Rich Harriman \line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b Debug v1.0.2 \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuck\~ <vision-media.ca> \line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
-------------------------------------------------\par
\b doT.js v.1.0.2 \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2011 Laura Doktorova \line Software includes portions from jQote2 Copyright (c) 2010 aefxx, \line {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://aefxx.com/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul aefxx.com/}}}}\f0\fs19  licensed under the MIT license \line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
-------------------------------------------------\par
\b ee-first v1.0.3\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:me@jongleberry.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul me@jongleberry.com}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\lang1033\line\cf0\lang9 MIT License \cf1\ul\par
\cf0\ulnone Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
----------------------------------\par
\b Eigen v3.3.4\par
\b0 This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this file, You can obtain one at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/ }}{\fldrslt{http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 .\par
\par
-------------------------------------------------\par
\b Escape-html v1.0.1 \par
\b0\line Copyright (c) 2013 TJ Holowaychuck\~ <vision-media.ca> \line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b ----------------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 expat - Version 2.1.0 \par
expat - Version 2.0.1 \line\b0\line Copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd and Clark Cooper \line Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 Expat maintainers\line Provided for Informational Purposes Only\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 -------------------------------\par
\b Facebook-node-sdk v0.7.0\b0\par
Copyright (c) Thuzi LLC\line Apache 2.0 License\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\lang9 www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0}}}}\f0\fs19\par
THIS CODE IS PROVIDED ON AN *AS IS* BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABLITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. \par
See the Apache Version 2.0 License for specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ------------------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b FastCGI\b0\par
fastcgi.h \line Defines for the FastCGI protocol. \line Copyright (c) 1995-1996 Open Market, Inc.\par
This FastCGI application library source and object code (the "Software") and its documentation (the "Documentation") are copyrighted by Open Market, Inc ("Open Market"). The following terms apply to all files associated with the Software and Documentation unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.\par
Open Market permits you to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this Software and the Documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. Modifications to this Software and Documentation may be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the licensing terms described here. If modifications to this Software and Documentation have new licensing terms, the new terms must be clearly indicated on the first page of each file where they apply. \par
OPEN MARKET MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL OPEN MARKET BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA, EVEN IF OPEN MARKET HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". OPEN MARKET HAS NO LIABILITY IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THIS SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b FFT\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 1989-2005 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:  \line  \line 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  \line\line 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  \line This work was supported in part by funding from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and the National Science Foundation of the United States of America, and the CMU Sphinx Speech Consortium. \line  \line THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE\~MELLON UNIVERSITY NOR ITS EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, \line OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 --------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Fgnass-spin.js\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\cf4\b0 Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Felix Gnass [fgnass at gmail dot com]\cf0\b  \par
\b0 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b Finished v1.2.2\b0\par
Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong\~ {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:me@jongleberry.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul me@jongleberry.com}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\lang1033\line\cf0\lang9 MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
-------------------------------\par
\b FLAC\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Copyright (C) 2002-2009 Josh Coalson\line Copyright (C) 2011-2013 Xiph.Org Foundation\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \line Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \line Neither the name of the Xiph.org Foundation nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ------------------------------------------\par
\b flex\b0  \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 The Flex Project. \line Copyright (c) 1990, 1997 The Regents of the University of California. \par
All rights reserved.\par
This code is derived from software contributed to Berkeley by Vern Paxson.\par
The United States Government has rights in this work pursuant to contract no. DE-AC03-76SF00098 between the United States Department of Energy and the University of California.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------\par
\b FreeBSD\b0  \par
All of the documentation and software included in the 4.4BSD and 4.4BSD-Lite Releases is copyrighted by The Regents of the University of California. \par
Copyright 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994 The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: \line This product includes software developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and the American National Standards Committee X3, on Information Processing Systems have given us permission to reprint portions of their documentation. \par
In the following statement, the phrase ``this text'' refers to portions of the system documentation. Portions of this text are reprinted and reproduced in electronic form in the second BSD Networking Software Release, from IEEE Std 1003.1-1988, IEEE Standard Portable Operating System Interface for Computer Environments (POSIX), copyright C 1988 by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc. In the event of any discrepancy between these versions and the original IEEE Standard, the original IEEE Standard is the referee document. \par
In the following statement, the phrase ``This material'' refers to portions of the system documentation. \par
This material is reproduced with permission from American National Standards Committee X3, on Information Processing Systems. Computer and Business Equipment Manufacturers Association (CBEMA), 311 First St., NW, Suite 500, Washington, DC 20001-2178. The developmental work of Programming Language C was completed by the X3J11 Technical Committee. \par
The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of the authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressed or implied, of the Regents of the University of California. \par
NOTE: The copyright of UC Berkeley's Berkeley Software Distribution ("BSD") source has been updated. The copyright addendum may be found at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK ftp://ftp.cs.berkeley.edu/pub/4bsd/README.Impt.License.Change }}{\fldrslt{ftp://ftp.cs.berkeley.edu/pub/4bsd/README.Impt.License.Change\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19  and is included below. \par
July 22, 1999 \par
To All Licensees, Distributors of Any Version of BSD: \par
As you know, certain of the Berkeley Software Distribution ("BSD") source code files require that further distributions of products containing all or portions of the software, acknowledge within their advertising materials that such products contain software developed by UC Berkeley and its contributors. \par
Specifically, the provision reads: \line "\~\~\~\~* 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software \line\~\~\~\~\~\~*\~\~\~\~ \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~must display the following acknowledgement: \line\~\~\~\~\~\~*\~\~\~\~ \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~This product includes software developed by the University of \line\~\~\~\~\~\~*\~\~\~\~ \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~California, Berkeley and its contributors." \par
Effective immediately, licensees and distributors are no longer required to include the acknowledgement within advertising materials. Accordingly, the foregoing paragraph of those BSD Unix files containing it is hereby deleted in its entirety. \par
William Hoskins \line Director, Office of Technology Licensing \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\lang1033 Freetype v2.4.8\par
\b0 Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation \par
All Rights Reserved\par
The FreeType Project LICENSE \line 2002-Apr-11 \line Copyright 1996-2002 by David Turner, Robert Wilhelm, and Werner Lemberg \par
Introduction \line The FreeType \~ Project is distributed in \~ several archive packages; some of them may contain, in addition to the FreeType font engine, various tools and \~ contributions which rely on, or \~ relate to, the FreeType Project.\par
This \~ license applies \~ to all \~ files found \~ in such \~ packages, and which do not \~ fall under their own explicit \~ license. \~ The license affects \~ thus \~ the \~ FreeType \~\~ font \~ engine, \~ the \~ test \~ programs, \line documentation and makefiles, at the very least. \par
This \~ license \~\~ was \~ inspired \~ by \~ the \~ BSD, \~\~ Artistic, \~ and \~ IJG (Independent JPEG \~ Group) licenses, which \~ all encourage inclusion and \~ use of \~ free \~ software in \~ commercial \~ and freeware \~ products \line alike. \~ As a consequence, its main points are that: \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb100\sa240\f3 o\tab\f0 We don't promise that this software works. However, we will be interested in any kind of bug reports. (` as is' distribution)\par
\f3 o\tab\f0 You can \~ use this software for whatever you \~ want, in parts or full form, without having to pay us. (`royalty-free' usage) \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb100\sa100\f3 o\tab\f0 You may not pretend that \~ you wrote this software. \~ If you use it, or \~ only parts of it, \~ in a program, \~ you must acknowledge somewhere \~ in \~ your \~ documentation \~ that \~ you \~ have \~ used \~ the \line FreeType code. (` credits') \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar We \~ specifically \~ permit \~ and \~ encourage \~ the \~ inclusion \~ of \~ this software, with \~ or without modifications, \~ in commercial products. We \~ disclaim \~ all warranties \~ covering \~ The \~ FreeType Project \~ and \line assume no liability related to The FreeType Project. \line\line Finally, \~ many \~ people \~ asked \~ us \~ for \~ a \~ preferred \~ form \~ for \~ a credit/disclaimer to use in compliance with this license. \~ We thus encourage you to use the following text: \line\line ------------------\line Portions of this software are copyright ? 1996-2002 The FreeType Project ( {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.freetype.org/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul www.freetype.org}}}}\f0\fs19 ). \~ All rights reserved. \line ------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 Legal Terms \line\line 0. Definitions \line\line Throughout this license , \~ the terms `package', `FreeType Project', and \~ `FreeType \~ archive' refer \~ to \~ the \~ set \~ of files \~ originally distributed \~ by the \~ authors \~ (David Turner, \~ Robert Wilhelm, \~ and \line Werner Lemberg) as the `FreeType Project', be they named as alpha, beta or final release. \line\line `You' refers to \~ the licensee, or person using \~ the project, where `using' is a generic term including compiling the project's source code as \~ well as linking it \~ to form a \~ `program' or `executable'. This \~ program is \~ referred to \~ as \~ `a program \~ using the \~ FreeType engine'. \line\line This \~ license applies \~ to all \~ files distributed \~ in \~ the original FreeType \~ Project, \~\~ including \~ all \~ source \~\~ code, \~ binaries \~ and documentation , \~ unless \~ otherwise \~ stated \~\~ in \~ the \~ file \~ in \~ its original, unmodified form as \~ distributed in the original archive. If you are \~ unsure whether or not a particular \~ file is covered by \line this license, you must contact us to verify this. \line\line The FreeType \~ Project is copyright (C) 1996-2000 \~ by David Turner, Robert Wilhelm, and Werner Lemberg. \~ All rights reserved except as specified below. \line\line 1. No Warranty \line\line THE FREETYPE PROJECT \~ IS PROVIDED `AS IS' WITHOUT \~ WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER \~ EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, \~ INCLUDING, BUT NOT \~ LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES \~ OF \~ MERCHANTABILITY \~\~ AND \~ FITNESS \~ FOR \~ A \~ PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \~ IN NO EVENT WILL ANY OF THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE \~ FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED \~ BY THE USE OR \~ THE INABILITY TO USE, OF THE FREETYPE PROJECT. \line\line 2. Redistribution \line\line This \~ license \~ grants \~ a \~ worldwide, royalty-free, \~ perpetual \~ and irrevocable right \~ and license to use, \~ execute, perform, compile, display , \~ copy, \~\~ create \~ derivative \~ works \~\~ of, \~ distribute \~ and \line sublicense the \~ FreeType Project (in \~ both source and \~ object code forms ) \~ and \~ derivative works \~ thereof \~ for \~ any \~ purpose; and \~ to authorize others \~ to exercise \~ some or all \~ of the \~ rights granted \line herein, subject to the following conditions: \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb240\sa240\f3 o\tab\f0 Redistribution of \~ source code \~ must retain this \~ license file (`FTL.TXT') unaltered; any \~ additions, deletions or changes to the original \~ files must be clearly \~ indicated in accompanying documentation. \~\~ The \~ copyright \~\~ notices \~ of \~ the \~ unaltered, original \~ files must \~ be \~ preserved in \~ all \~ copies of \~ source files. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb100\sa100\f3 o\tab\f0 Redistribution in binary form must provide a \~ disclaimer \~ that states \~ that \~ the software is based in part of the work of the FreeType Team , \~ in \~ the \~ distribution \~ documentation. \~ We also encourage you to put an URL to the FreeType web page \~ in \~ your documentation, though this isn't mandatory. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 These conditions \~ apply to any \~ software derived from or \~ based on the FreeType Project , \~ not just the unmodified files. \~\~ If you use our work, you \~ must acknowledge us. \~ However, no \~ fee need be paid to us. \line\line 3. Advertising \line\line Neither the \~ FreeType authors and \~ contributors nor you \~ shall use the name of the \~ other for commercial, advertising, or promotional purposes without specific prior written permission. \line\line We suggest , \~ but do not require, that \~ you use one or \~ more of the following phrases to refer \~ to this software in your documentation or advertising \~ materials: `FreeType Project', \~ `FreeType Engine', `FreeType library', or `FreeType Distribution'. \line\line As \~ you have \~ not signed \~ this license, \~ you are \~ not \~ required to accept \~ it. \~\~ However , \~ as \~ the FreeType \~ Project \~ is \~ copyrighted material, only \~ this license, or \~ another one contracted \~ with the \line authors, grants you \~ the right to use, distribute, \~ and modify it. Therefore , \~ by \~ using, \~ distributing, \~ or modifying \~ the \~ FreeType Project, you indicate that you understand and accept all the terms of this license. \line\line 4. Contacts \line\line There are two mailing lists related to FreeType: \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb240\sa240\f3 o\tab {\f0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype@freetype.org" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul freetype@freetype.org}}}}\f0\fs19\line Discusses general use and applications of FreeType, as well as future and \~ wanted additions to the \~ library and distribution. If \~ you are looking \~ for support, \~ start in \~ this list \~ if you haven't found anything to help you in the documentation. \par
\f3 o\tab {\f0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:devel@freetype.org" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul devel@freetype.org}}}}\f0\fs19\line Discusses bugs , \~ as well \~ as engine internals, \~ design issues, specific licenses, porting, etc. \par
\f3 o\tab {\f0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.freetype.org/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul www.freetype.org}}}}\f0\fs19\line Holds the current \~ FreeType web page, which will \~ allow you to download \~ our \~ latest \~ development \~ version \~ and \~ read \~ online documentation. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 You can also contact us individually at: \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\li720\sb100\sa100 David Turner\line Robert Wilhelm\line Werner Lemberg \line\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 --- end of FTL.TXT ---\par
Copyright 1990, 1994, 1998 \~ The Open Group \line\line Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that \line copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \line\line THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. \~ IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OPEN GROUP BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \line\line Except as contained in this notice, the name of The Open Group shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from The Open Group.\par
Copyright (C) 1995-2002 Jean- loup Gailly and Mark Adler \line\line This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. \~ In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. \line\line Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions: \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb240\sa240 1.\tab The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required. \par
2.\tab Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software. \par
3.\tab This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\sb240\sa240\tx1800 Jean-loup Gailly \~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Mark Adler \line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jloup@gzip.org" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul jloup@gzip.org}}}}\f0\fs19\tab {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:madler@alumni.caltech.edu" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul madler@alumni.caltech.edu}}}}\f0\fs19\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\sb100\sa100 Copyright 2000 Computing Research Labs, New Mexico State University \line Copyright 2001-2002 Francesco Zappa Nardelli \line\line Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \line\line The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \line\line THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. \~ IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPUTING RESEARCH LAB OR NEW MEXICO STATE UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR \line THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
Copyright (C) 2005 by George Williams\line\line Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \line\line Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \line\line Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \line\line The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \line\line THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\lang9\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b Fresh v2.3.1 \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuck\~ <vision-media.ca> \line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\line -------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b FTL-SDK\par
\b0 The MIT License (MIT)\line Copyright (c) 2016 Beam Interactive, Inc.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Gimpact & Bullet\par
\b0 Bullet Continuous Collision Detection and Physics Library\line Copyright (c) 2003-2006 Erwin Coumans {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://continuousphysics.com/Bullet/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\lang9 continuousphysics.com/Bullet/}}}}\f0\fs19\par
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions: \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required. \line\line 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software. \line\line 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
\par
----------------------------------\par
{\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/google" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\b\lang9 google}}}}\b\f0\fs19 /{\b0\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/google/brotli" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\b\lang9 brotli}}}}\f0\fs19\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 Copyright (c) 2009, 2010, 2013-2015 by the Brotli Authors.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/google" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\b\lang9 google}}}}\b\f0\fs19 /{\b0\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/google/woff2" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\b\lang9 woff2}}}}\f0\fs19\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 WOFF2\line Copyright 2013 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.\line Apache License\line Version 2.0, January 2004\par
{\cf2\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apache.org/licenses/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul http://www.apache.org/licenses/\par
}}}}\f0\fs19 TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION\par
1. Definitions.\par
"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.\par
"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner that is granting the License.\par
"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this License.\par
"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.\par
"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.\par
"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).\par
"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.\par
"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."\par
"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the Work.\par
2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.\par
3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:\par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License; and\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying the License.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li720\sb120\sa120 You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.\par
6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.\par
7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.\par
8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.\par
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ----------------------------------\par
\b Graphic Gems\par
\b0 Graphic Gems,\rdblquote  Academic Press, 1990. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 Gary P. Mussar \line Copyright (c) 1990 Gary P. Mussar. \par
*********************************************************************** \line * CRC utility routines for general 16 and 32 bit CRCs. \line * \line * 1990 Gary P. Mussar \line * This code is released to the public domain. There are no restrictions, \line * however, acknowledging the author by keeping this comment around \line * would be appreciated. \line ***********************************************************************/ \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\cf4 --------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf0\b GSL (Guidelines Support Library) v0.0.1 \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 The MIT License\line Copyright (c) 2015 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par
\b GSL (Guidelines Support Library) v1.0.0\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\b0\f4\fs22\par
Copyright (c) 2015 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. \par
 \par
This code is licensed under the MIT License (MIT). \par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy \par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal \par
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights \par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies \par
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do \par
so, subject to the following conditions: \par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all \par
copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR \par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, \par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE \par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER \par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, \par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN \par
THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\f0\fs19\par
\b ---------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 HarfBuzz - Version 0.9.16\par
\b0 Copyright \'a9 2010,2011,2012 Google, Inc. \line Copyright \'a9 2012 Mozilla Foundation \line Copyright \'a9 2011 Codethink Limited \line Copyright \'a9 2008,2010 Nokia Corporation and/or its subsidiary(- ies) \line Copyright \'a9 2009 Keith Stribley \line Copyright \'a9 2009 Martin Hosken and SIL International \line Copyright \'a9 2007 Chris Wilson \line Copyright \'a9 2006 Behdad Esfahbod \line Copyright \'a9 2005 David Turner \line Copyright \'a9 2004,2007,2008,2009,2010 Red Hat, Inc. \line Copyright \'a9 1998-2004 David Turner and Werner Lemberg\par
Provided for Informational Purposes Only\par
Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that the above copyright notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies of this software.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \~ THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------\par
\b Hebrew OpenType Layout logic \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2003 & 2007, Ralph Hancock & John Hudson. \line The MIT License. \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
-------------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Highground Systems\b0\par
Copyright \'a9 1996-1999 Highground Systems\par
This product incorporates compression code from the Info-ZIP group. There are no extra charges or costs due to the use of this code, and the original compression sources are freely available from {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.info-zip.org/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.info-zip.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19  or {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK ftp://ftp.info-zip.org/pub/infozip/src/ }}{\fldrslt{ftp://ftp.info-zip.org/pub/infozip/src/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19  on the Internet.\par
Portions Copyright \'a9 2000 SRS Labs, Inc\par
This product includes software from the 'zlib' general purpose compression library.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ----------------------------------\par
\b Independent JPEG Group\b0  \par
Copyright (C) 1991-2013, Thomas G. Lane, Guido Vollbeding. \line All Rights Reserved except as specified below. \par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to these conditions:\par
(1) If any part of the source code for this software is distributed, then this README file must be included, with this copyright and no-warranty notice unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or changes to the original files must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation. \line\line (2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying documentation must state that "this software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group". \line\line (3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user accepts full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the authors accept NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ----------------------------------\par
\b Intel Corporation\b0  \par
Copyright (c) 2004 - 2007, Intel Corporation. All rights reserved. \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b J. Zobel\b0  \par
Quickly computes a hash value from a sequence of bytes. This type of hash is NOT CRYPTOGRAPHIC; it is designed only for use in hash tables. The author has made it publicdomain as long as it has this comment: \par
Author: J. Zobel, April 2001. Permission to use this code is freely granted, provided that this statement is retained. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\b -------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 James Kanze\b0  \par
COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
All rights reserved.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. Permission is also given to modify the software to any extend, under the condition that, in the modified software, the prefix "GB_" is changed to something else, and the name directories for includes files ("gb" in this distribution) is also changed. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. \par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use, or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Jansson\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 Copyright (c) 2009-2016 Petri Lehtinen < {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:petri@digip.org" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\lang9 petri@digip.org}}}}\f0\fs19 >\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\b ---------------------------------------------------------------\par
Joewalnes-smoothie\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 The MIT License\line Copyright (c) 2010-2013, Joe Walnes and 2013-2014, Drew Noakes\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ----------------------------------\par
\b Jon Zeeff\b0  \par
Copyright 1988 Jon Zeeff (zeeff@b-tech.ann-arbor.mi.us) \par
You can use this code in any manner, as long as you leave my name on it and don't hold me responsible for any problems with it. \par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b ---------------------------------------------------------------\par
jQuery \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa100 jQuery v1.8.3\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 The MIT License\par
\lang1033 Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors, {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://js.foundation/ }}{\fldrslt{https://js.foundation/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19\par
This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals. For exact contribution history, see the revision history available at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/jquery/jquery }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/jquery/jquery\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19\par
The following license applies to all parts of this software except as documented below:\par
====\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
====\par
All files located in the node_modules and external directories are externally maintained libraries used by this software which have their own licenses; we recommend you read them, as their terms may differ from the terms above.\par
\lang9\par
----------------------------------\par
\b jQuery UI\par
\b0 Copyright 2010, AUTHORS.txt ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://jqueryui.com/about }}{\fldrslt{http://jqueryui.com/about\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 ) \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b JSON.org\b0\line\line Copyright (c) 2002 JSON.org \line All Rights Reserved. \par
JSON_checker \line Copyright (c) 2002 JSON.org \line All Rights Reserved. \par
Terms of the JSON License:\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
The Software shall be used for Good, not Evil.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
Terms of the MIT License:\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\par
-------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b JsonCPP v1.7.2\line\line\b0 The JsonCpp library's source code, including accompanying documentation, tests and demonstration applications, are licensed under the following conditions...\line\line The author (Baptiste Lepilleur) explicitly disclaims copyright in all jurisdictions which recognize such a disclaimer. In such jurisdictions, this software is released into the Public Domain.\line\line In jurisdictions which do not recognize Public Domain property (e.g. Germany as of 2010), this software is Copyright (c) 2007-2010 by Baptiste Lepilleur, and is released under the terms of the MIT License (see below).\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\sl259\slmult0 In jurisdictions which recognize Public Domain property, the user of this software may choose to accept it either as 1) Public Domain, 2) under the conditions of the MIT License (see below), or 3) under the terms of dual Public Domain/MIT License conditions described here, as they choose.\par
The MIT License is about as close to Public Domain as a license can get, and is described in clear, concise terms at:  {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License }}{\fldrslt{http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\lang1033\par
\cf0\lang9 The full text of the MIT License follows\par
Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Baptiste Lepilleur\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
--------------------------------------end license text------------------------------------\par
The MIT license is compatible with both the GPL and commercial software, affording one all of the rights of Public Domain with the minor nuisance of being required to keep the above copyright notice and license text in the source code. Note also that by accepting the Public Domain "license" you can re-license your copy using whatever license you like.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b knockoutjs\par
\b0 Copyright (c) Steven Sanderson, the Knockout.js team, and other contributors {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://knockoutjs.com/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul http://knockoutjs.com}}}}\cf1\ul\f0\fs19\line\cf0\ulnone MIT License\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b LevelDB\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 See {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/google/leveldb }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/google/leveldb\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19  and {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/firebase/leveldb/blob/master/util/coding.h }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/firebase/leveldb/blob/master/util/coding.h\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 . This material is licensed under the BSD LIcense (see {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/google/leveldb/blob/master/LICENSE }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/google/leveldb/blob/master/LICENSE\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 )\par
Copyright (c) 2011 The LevelDB Authors. All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
* Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ----------------------------------\par
\b Lexmark International \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 1993-2003 Lexmark International Inc. All Rights Reserved. \par
Permission is granted for redistribution of this file as long as this copyright notice is intact and the content of the file is not altered in any way from its original form. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
---------------------------------------\par
\b\par
Liblouis\b0  \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 This product incorporates copyrighted material from the open source projects listed below (Third-Party IP). The license terms of Microsoft Corporation\rquote s product do not apply to the Third-Party IP which is licensed to you under its original license terms which are provided below. Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly granted herein, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise. You may find a copy of the Corresponding Source code, if and as required under the Third-Party IP License, at {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://3rdpartysource.microsoft.com/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\lang9 3rdpartysource.microsoft.com}}}}\f0\fs19 . You may also obtain a copy of the source code for a period of three years after our last shipment of this product, if and as required under the Third Party IP license, by sending a check or money order for US$5.00 to: \par
Source Code Compliance Team \line Microsoft Corporation \line One Microsoft Way \line Redmond, WA 98052 USA\par
Please write \ldblquote source for Liblouis in the memo line of your payment.\par
Copyright (c) 2016 Liblouis Contributors.\line GNU Lesser General Public License\line Version 2.1, February 1999\par
Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc. 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA. Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL. It also counts as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence the version number 2.1.]\par
Preamble\par
The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users. \par
This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it. You can use it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether this license or the ordinary General Public License is the better strategy to use in any particular case, based on the explanations below. \par
When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use, not price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get it if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of it in new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do these things.\par
To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it. \par
For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave you. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. If you link other code with the library, you must provide complete object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them with the library after making changes to the library and recompiling it. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights. \par
We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library. \par
To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that there is no warranty for the free library. Also, if the library is modified by someone else and passed on, the recipients should know that what they have is not the original version, so that the original author's reputation will not be affected by problems that might be introduced by others. \par
Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of any free program. We wish to make sure that a company cannot effectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a restrictive license from a patent holder. Therefore, we insist that any patent license obtained for a version of the library must be consistent with the full freedom of use specified in this license. \par
Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary GNU General Public License. This license, the GNU Lesser General Public License, applies to certain designated libraries, and is quite different from the ordinary General Public License. We use this license for certain libraries in order to permit linking those libraries into non-free programs. \par
When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using a shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a combined work, a derivative of the original library. The ordinary General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the entire combination fits its criteria of freedom. The Lesser General Public License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with the library. \par
We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it does Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General Public License. It also provides other free software developers Less of an advantage over competing non-free programs. These disadvantages are the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many libraries. However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain special circumstances. \par
For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it becomes a de-facto standard. To achieve this, non-free programs must be allowed to use the library. A more frequent case is that a free library does the same job as widely used non-free libraries. In this case, there is little to gain by limiting the free library to free software only, so we use the Lesser General Public License. \par
In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of free software. For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in non-free programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU operating system, as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating system. \par
Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is linked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run that program using a modified version of the Library. \par
The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow. Pay close attention to the difference between a "work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library". The former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must be combined with the library in order to run. \par
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION\par
0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this Lesser General Public License (also called "this License"). Each licensee is addressed as "you".\par
A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs (which use some of those functions and data) to form executables. \par
The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work which has been distributed under these terms. A "work based on the Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated straightforwardly into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term "modification".) \par
"Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. For a library, complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the library.\par
Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for writing it). Whether that is true depends on what the Library does and what the program that uses the Library does. \par
1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the Library. \par
You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee. \par
2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions: \par
a) The modified work must itself be a software library. \par
b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.\par
c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License. \par
d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that, in the event an application does not supply such function or table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful. \par
(For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the application. Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any application-supplied function or table used by this function must be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square root function must still compute square roots.) \par
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library, and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it. \par
Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Library. \par
In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License. \par
3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library. To do this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2, instead of to this License. (If a newer version than version 2 of the ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify that version instead if you wish.) Do not make any other change in these notices. \par
Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy. \par
This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of the Library into a program that is not a library. \par
4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange. \par
If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to distribute the source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code.\par
5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library". Such a work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and therefore falls outside the scope of this License. \par
However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the library". The executable is therefore covered by this License. Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables. \par
When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not. Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library. The threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law. \par
If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative work. (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the Library will still fall under Section 6.) \par
Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6. Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6, whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself. \par
6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse engineering for debugging such modifications. \par
You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License. You must supply a copy of this License. If the work during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference directing the user to the copy of this License. Also, you must do one of these things: \par
a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified executable containing the modified Library. (It is understood that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application to use the modified definitions.) \par
b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the Library. A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a copy of the library already present on the user's computer system, rather than copying library functions into the executable, and (2) will operate properly with a modified version of the library, if the user installs one, as long as the modified version is interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with. \par
c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at least three years, to give the same user the materials specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more than the cost of performing this distribution. \par
d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above specified materials from the same place. \par
e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.\par
For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for reproducing the executable from it. However, as a special exception, the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the executable. \par
It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally accompany the operating system. Such a contradiction means you cannot use both them and the Library together in an executable that you distribute. \par
7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise permitted, and provided that you do these two things: \par
a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities. This must be distributed under the terms of the Sections above. \par
b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.\par
8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the Library except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance. \par
9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Library or its derivative works. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the Library or works based on it. \par
10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with this License. \par
11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Library at all. For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Library. \par
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply, and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances. \par
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system which is implemented by public license practices. Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice. \par
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License. \par
12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License. \par
13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Library specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library does not specify a license version number, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation. \par
14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these, write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally. \par
NO WARRANTY \par
15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. \par
16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. \par
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries\par
If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that everyone can redistribute and change. You can do so by permitting redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the ordinary General Public License). \par
To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library. It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found. \par
<one line to give the library's name and an idea of what it does.> Copyright (C) <year> <name of author> \par
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\par
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA \par
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail. \par
You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if necessary. Here is a sample; alter the names: \par
Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.\par
signature of Ty Coon, 1 April 1990\par
Ty Coon, President of Vice\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
-------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b libPNG\b0\par
COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE:\par
If you modify libpng you may insert additional notices immediately following this sentence.\par
This code is released under the libpng license.\par
libpng versions 1.2.6, August 15, 2004, through 1.6.12, June 12, 2014, are Copyright (c) 2004, 2006-2014 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.2.5 with the following individual added to the list of Contributing Authors \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi720\sb120\sa120 Cosmin Truta\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000, through 1.2.5 - October 3, 2002, are Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Glenn Randers-Pehrson,and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.0.6 with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li720\sb120\sa120 Simon-Pierre Cadieux\line Eric S. Raymond\line Gilles Vollant\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 and with the following additions to the disclaimer:\par
There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the library or against infringement. There is no warranty that our efforts or the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes or needs. This library is provided with all faults, and the entire risk of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with the user. \par
libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20, 2000, are Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Glenn Randers-Pehrson,and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.96, with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li720\sb120\sa120 Tom Lane \line Glenn Randers-Pehrson \line Willem van Schaik \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through 0.96, May 1997, are Copyright (c) 1996, 1997 Andreas Dilger Distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.88, with the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li720\sb120\sa120 John Bowler \line Glenn Kevin Bracey \line Sam Bushell \line Greg Roelofs \line Tom Tanner \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc. For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors" is defined as the following set of individuals: \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li720\sb120\sa120 Andreas Dilger \line Dave Martindale \line Guy Eric Schalnat \line Paul Schmidt \line Tim Wegner \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 The PNG Reference Library is supplied "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties,expressed or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose. The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental,special, exemplary, or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG Reference Library,even if advised of the possibility of such damage. Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this source code, or portions hereof, for anypurpose, without fee, subject to the following restrictions: \par
1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.\par
2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented as being the original source. \par
3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any source or altered source distribution. \par
The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to supporting the PNG file format in commercial products. If you use this source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be appreciated. \par
\par
----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\cf3\f3\fs20\lang1033\par
\b\f0\fs19 libretro/common-shaders\par
\b0\par
Copyright (C) 2011-2015 Hyllian - {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:sergiogdb@gmail.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul sergiogdb@gmail.com}}}}\f0\fs19\par
Provided for Informational Purposes Only\par
\par
MIT License\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf0\lang9\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ----------------------------------\par
\b LibTIFF\b0\par
Copyright (c) 1988-1997 Sam Leffler \line Copyright (c) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc. \par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that (i) the above copyright notices and this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the specific, prior written permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \par
IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\par
-------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\b LLVM\par
\b0\par
This product uses materials copyright the University of Illinois.\par
University of Illinois/NCSA\par
Open Source License\par
Copyright (c) 2003-2015 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Developed by:\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi720\sl259\slmult0 LLVM Team\par
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign\par
{\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://llvm.org/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul http://llvm.org}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\lang1033\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\cf0\lang9\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi360\sl259\slmult0 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.\line\par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\line\par
* Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific prior written permission.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li720\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.\~ IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0 -------------------------------\par
\b\par
LLVM System Interface Library\b0\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 The LLVM System Interface Library is licensed under the Illinois Open Source\line License and has the following additional copyright:\line Copyright (C) 2004 eXtensible Systems, Inc.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li720\sb120\sa120 Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers. \par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
Neither the names of LLVM System Interface Library, nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific prior written permission. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b Lru-cache v2.3.1\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2009, 2010, 2011 Isaac Z. Schlueter\par
All rights reserved. \par
\lang1033 The ISC License\line Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\lang9\par
\b -----------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 lua - Version 5.1\b0  \line\line Copyright (C) 1994-2006 Lua.org, PUC-Rio. \~ \line All rights reserved. \line Provided for Informational Purposes Only\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ------------------------\par
\b LZ4\b0\par
Copyright (C) 2011-2013, Yann Collet.\line BSD 2-Clause License ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php }}{\fldrslt{http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 ) \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \line\line * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, \line DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0 ----------------------------------\cf3\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 {\cf0\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/StableLib/lzma" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf3\ul\b\lang9 lzma}}}}\f0\fs19\par
\cf0 Copyright (c) 2010, Andrei Vieru. All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
   * Neither the name of the author nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,  SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------\par
\b MediaElement\par
MediaElement.js\b0\par
The MIT License\par
Copyright 2010-2013, John Dyer ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://j.hn/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul http://j.hn}}}}\f0\fs19 ) \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
----------------------------------\par
\b Microsoft NFC Class Extension Driver\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\'a9 2016 Thin Film Electronics ASA\line Provided for Informational Purposes Only\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b middler\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2012 Terra Eclipse, Inc.\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
---------------------------------------------\par
\b Milliseconds v0.6.2 \b0\par
Copyright (c) Henrik Joreteg \line {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/henrikjoreteg/milliseconds" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul github.com/}}}}{\f0\fs19\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/henrikjoreteg/milliseconds" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul henrikjoreteg}}}}{\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs19\lang9{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/henrikjoreteg/milliseconds" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul /milliseconds}}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs19\lang9\line MIT License \cf2\lang1033\par
\cf0\lang9 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
-------------------------------------------------\par
\b mime \b0\line\line Copyright (c) 2010 Benjamin Thomas, Robert Kieffer\line MIT License\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b minimatch \b0\line\line Copyright (c) 2009, 2010, 2011 Isaac Z. Schlueter. \line\line All rights reserved. \b\par
\b0\lang1033 The ISC License\line Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\lang9\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b Minimist v.0.0.8 \b0\par
Copyright (c) James Halliday \line {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/substack/minimist" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul github.com/}}}}{\f0\fs19\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/substack/minimist" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul substack}}}}{\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs19\lang9{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/substack/minimist" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul /}}}}{\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs19\lang9{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/substack/minimist" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul minimist}}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs19\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b Mkdirp v0.5.0 \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2010 James Halliday ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mail@substack.net" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul mail@substack.net}}}}\f0\fs19 ) \line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
----------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Mocha \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2011-2015 TJ Holowaychuck\~ <vision-media.ca> \line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\line ------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Mrdoob-three.js\par
\b0 The MIT License\line Copyright \'a9 2010-2017 three.js authors\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\b\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b0 -------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b msinttypes r29\b0\line\line Copyright (c) 2006-2013 Alexander Chemeris \line All rights reserved. \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\line * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\line\line * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \line\line * Neither the name of copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 -------------\par
\b Newtonsoft.Json - version 7.0.1\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 Copyright (c) 2007 James Newton-King \line Provided for Informational Purposes Only\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b Node-multiparty v3.3.1 \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Felix Geisendorfer, Andrew Kelley, \cf4\lang1033 Douglas Christopher Wilson\cf0\lang9  \line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b --------------------------------------------\par
Node-sqlite3 v3.0.2\line\b0\line Copyright (c) MapBox \par
All rights reserved. \par
The BSD License \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \line modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions \line are met: \par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with thedistribution. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\~ IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf3\b\f1 NumPy License\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2005, NumPy Developers\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
    Neither the name of the NumPy Developers nor the names of any contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \f5\ldblquote\f1 AS IS\f5\rdblquote\f1  AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\cf0\f0\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b OASIS\b0\par
Copyright OASIS Open 2002-2006. All Rights Reserved. \par
This document and translations of it may be copied and furnished to others, and derivative works that comment on or otherwise explain it or assist in its implementation may be prepared, copied, published and distributed, in whole or in part, without restriction of any kind, provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are included on all such copies and derivative works. However, this document itself does not be modified in any way, such as by removing the copyright notice or references to OASIS, except as needed for the purpose of developing OASIS specifications, in which case the procedures for copyrights defined in the OASIS Intellectual Property Rights document must be followed, or as required to translate it into languages other than English.\par
The limited permissions granted above are perpetual and will not be revoked by OASIS or its successors or assigns.\par
This document and the information contained herein is provided on an AS IS basis and OASIS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par
\b Open Neural Network Exchange (ONNX) v1.2.2\par
\b0 Copyright (c) Facebook, Inc. and Microsoft Corporation.\par
All rights reserved. MIT License\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ""Software""), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED *AS IS*, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0 -------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b OpenBSD regex\par
\b0 $OpenBSD: COPYRIGHT,v 1.3 2003/06/02 20:18:36 millert Exp $\line Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.\~ All rights reserved.\par
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone\line and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on\line any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject\line to the following restrictions:\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120 1.\tab The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this\line software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.\par
2.\tab The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by\line explicit claim or by omission.\~ Since few users ever read sources,\line credits must appear in the documentation.\par
3.\tab Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\line misrepresented as being the original software.\~ Since few users\line ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.\par
4.\tab This notice may not be removed or altered.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=\par
/*-\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar * Copyright (c) 1994\line *\~ The Regents of the University of California.\~ All rights reserved.\line *\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
* are met:\par
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
*\~\~\~ notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
*\~\~\~ notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
* \~\~\~documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
* 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors\par
*\~\~\~ may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
*\~\~\~ without specific prior written permission.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND\par
* ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
* IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
* ARE DISCLAIMED.\~ IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
* FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
* DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
* OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
* HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
* LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
* OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
* SUCH DAMAGE.\par
*\par
*\~ @(#)COPYRIGHT 8.1 (Berkeley) 3/16/94\par
*/\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b OpenGL\b0  \par
Copyright (c) 2013 The Khronos Group Inc.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and/or associated documentation files (the "Materials"), to deal in the Materials without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Materials, and to permit persons to whom the Materials are furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Materials.  \par
THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATERIALS OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE MATERIALS.\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\lang1033 --------------------------------\par
\par
\b OpenSSL v1.1.0e\par
\b0\par
\par
  LICENSE ISSUES\par
  ==============\par
\par
  The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a dual license, i.e. both the conditions of\par
  the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.\par
  See below for the actual license texts. Actually both licenses are BSD-style\par
  Open Source licenses. In case of any license issues related to OpenSSL\par
  please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.\par
\par
  OpenSSL License\par
  ---------------\par
\par
/* ====================================================================\par
 * Copyright (c) 1998-2016 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
 *\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
 *    distribution.\par
 *\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this\par
 *    software must display the following acknowledgment:\par
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project\par
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.openssl.org/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.openssl.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 )"\par
 *\par
 * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to\par
 *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
 *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact\par
 *    openssl-core@openssl.org.\par
 *\par
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"\par
 *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written\par
 *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.\par
 *\par
 * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following\par
 *    acknowledgment:\par
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project\par
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.openssl.org/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.openssl.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 )"\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY\par
 * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR\par
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
 * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
 * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED\par
 * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 * ====================================================================\par
 *\par
 * This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young\par
 * (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim\par
 * Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
 Original SSLeay License\par
 -----------------------\par
\par
/* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * This package is an SSL implementation written\par
 * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).\par
 * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.\par
 * \par
 * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as\par
 * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions\par
 * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,\par
 * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation\par
 * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms\par
 * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).\par
 * \par
 * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in\par
 * the code are not to be removed.\par
 * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution\par
 * as the author of the parts of the library used.\par
 * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or\par
 * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.\par
 * \par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
 *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by\par
 *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"\par
 *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library\par
 *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).\par
 * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from \par
 *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:\par
 *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"\par
 * \par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 * \par
 * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or\par
 * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be\par
 * copied and put under another distribution licence\par
 * [including the GNU Public Licence.]\par
 */\par
\par
Sun Elliptic Curve Public-Key Crypto Library\par
\par
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc.\par
\par
/* ====================================================================\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
 *\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
 *    distribution.\par
 *\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this\par
 *    software must display the following acknowledgment:\par
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project\par
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.openssl.org/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.openssl.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 )"\par
 *\par
 * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to\par
 *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
 *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact\par
 *    openssl-core@openssl.org.\par
 *\par
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"\par
 *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written\par
 *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.\par
 *\par
 * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following\par
 *    acknowledgment:\par
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project\par
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.openssl.org/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.openssl.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 )"\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY\par
 * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR\par
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
 * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
 * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED\par
 * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 * ====================================================================\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
 * In addition, Sun covenants to all licensees who provide a reciprocal\par
 * covenant with respect to their own patents if any, not to sue under\par
 * current and future patent claims necessarily infringed by the making,\par
 * using, practicing, selling, offering for sale and/or otherwise\par
 * disposing of the ECC Code as delivered hereunder (or portions thereof),\par
 * provided that such covenant shall not apply:\par
 *  1) for code that a licensee deletes from the ECC Code;\par
 *  2) separates from the ECC Code; or\par
 *  3) for infringements caused by:\par
 *       i) the modification of the ECC Code or\par
 *      ii) the combination of the ECC Code with other software or\par
 *          devices where such combination causes the infringement.\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang9\par
----------------------------------\par
\b OpenSSL Project\b0\par
OpenSSL\b  \b0 Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.openssl.org/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.openssl.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 ) \par
Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL Project. All rights reserved. \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgment: \line "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.openssl.org/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.openssl.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 )" \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: \line "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.openssl.org/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.openssl.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 )" \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY\~ EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\~IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR \~ PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\~ IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR \~ ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\~SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\~ NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\~LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\~ HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b OpenVision Kerberos\b0\par
* Copyright 1993 by OpenVision Technologies, Inc.\par
* Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of OpenVision not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission. OpenVision makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any  purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
* OPENVISION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL OPENVISION BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\par
------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b OpenVision Technologies, Inc. \par
\b0 Copyright 1993 by OpenVision Technologies, Inc. \par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of OpenVision not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission. OpenVision makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
OPENVISION DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL OPENVISION BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Opus Interactive Audio Codec\par
\b0 Provided for Informational Purposes Only\line BSD License\line\line Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Xiph.Org, Skype Limited, Octasic, Jean-Marc Valin, Timothy B. Terriberry, CSIRO, Gregory Maxwell, Mark Borgerding, Erik de Castro Lopo\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ""AS IS"" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
Opus is subject to the royalty-free patent licenses which are specified at:\par
Xiph.Org Foundation:\line {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://datatracker.ietf.org/ipr/1524/ }}{\fldrslt{https://datatracker.ietf.org/ipr/1524/\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\line\line\cf0 Microsoft Corporation:\line {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://datatracker.ietf.org/ipr/1914/ }}{\fldrslt{https://datatracker.ietf.org/ipr/1914/\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\line\line\cf0 Broadcom Corporation:\line {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://datatracker.ietf.org/ipr/1526/ }}{\fldrslt{https://datatracker.ietf.org/ipr/1526/\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\lang1033\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf0\lang9\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b Path-to-RegExp \b0\par
Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hello@blakeembry.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul hello@blakeembry.com}}}}\f0\fs19 )\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\par
------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b PJ Naughter\rquote s Base64 Implementation\b0  \par
Copyright (c) 1999 - 2004 by PJ Naughter. \par
All rights reserved. \par
Used by permission.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
-------------------\par
\b PNPOLY\b0  \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Copyright (c) 1970-2003, Wm. Randolph Franklin\line BSD License\par
All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ""AS IS"" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\sl259\slmult0 ------------------------------------------------\par
\b protobuf v3.4.1\b0\par
\par
Copyright 2014, Google Inc.  All rights reserved.\line\line Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\line modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\line met:\line\line     * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\line notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\line     * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above\line copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer\line in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\line distribution.\line     * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its\line contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\line this software without specific prior written permission.\line\line THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\line "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\line LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\line A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\line OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\line SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\line LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\line DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\line THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\line (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\line OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\line\line Code generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler is owned by the owner\line of the input file used when generating it.  This code is not\line standalone and requires a support library to be linked with it.  This\line support library is itself covered by the above license.\par
\par
----------------------------------\par
\b protobuf v3.5.2\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\b0\f4\fs22 Copyright 2014, Google Inc.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
met:\par
\par
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above\par
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer\par
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
distribution.\par
    * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its\par
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\par
this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
Code generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler is owned by the owner\par
of the input file used when generating it.  This code is not\par
standalone and requires a support library to be linked with it.  This\par
support library is itself covered by the above license.\par
\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\sl259\slmult0\f0\fs19 ------------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b publicsuffix.org/list\par
{\b0\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://publicsuffix.org/list/effective_tld_names.dat }}{\fldrslt{https://publicsuffix.org/list/effective_tld_names.dat\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf2\b0\f0\fs19\lang1033\line\cf0\lang9 Copyright (c) The Mozilla Foundation\line MPL v 2.0. License Notice.\line\line The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License \line Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in \line compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at \line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19  Software distributed under the License is \line distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either \line express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing rights \line and limitations under the License. \line\line The\~data can be found here: {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://publicsuffix.org/list/effective_tld_names.dat }}{\fldrslt{https://publicsuffix.org/list/effective_tld_names.dat\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.\par
\b0 With respect solely to Microsoft Windows IoT Core for the Qualcomm DragonBoard platform, this product incorporates copyrighted material from Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. (the \ldblquote QTI BSP\rdblquote ). The license terms of this Microsoft Corporation product do not apply to the QTI BSP, which is licensed to you under its original license terms, which are provided below.\par
------------QTI License Terms Begin Here-------------------\par
LICENSE AGREEMENT\par
PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (\ldblquote AGREEMENT\rdblquote ) CAREFULLY. THIS AGREEMENT IS A BINDING LEGAL AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BY AND BETWEEN YOU (OR IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY, THEN THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT) AND QUALCOMM TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (\ldblquote QTI\rdblquote  \ldblquote WE\rdblquote  \ldblquote OUR\rdblquote  OR \ldblquote US\rdblquote ). THIS IS THE AGREEMENT THAT APPLIES TO YOUR USE OF THE DESIGNATED AND/OR LINKED APPLICATIONS, THE ENCLOSED QUALCOMM TECHNOLOGIES\rquote  MATERIALS, INCLUDING RELATED DOCUMENTATION AND ANY UPDATES OR IMPROVEMENTS THEREOF (COLLECTIVELY, \ldblquote MATERIALS\rdblquote ). BY USING OR COMPLETING THE INSTALLATION OF THE MATERIALS, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, QTI IS UNWILLING TO AND DOES NOT LICENSE THE MATERIALS TO YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS YOU MUST DISCONTINUE THE INSTALLATION PROCESS AND YOU MAY NOT USE THE MATERIALS OR RETAIN ANY COPIES OF THE MATERIALS. ANY USE OR POSSESSION OF THE MATERIALS BY YOU IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx720 1.\tab RIGHT TO USE DELIVERABLES; RESTRICTIONS.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120\tx1440 1.1License.\line Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the restrictions, conditions, limitations and exclusions set forth in this Agreement, QTI hereby grants to you a nonexclusive, limited license under QTI\rquote s copyrights to: (i) install and use the Materials; and (ii) to reproduce and redistribute the binary code portions of the Materials (the \ldblquote Redistributable Binary Code\rdblquote ). You may make and use a reasonable number of copies of any documentation.\par
1.2Redistribution Restrictions.\line Distribution of the Redistributable Binary Code is subject to the following restrictions: (i) Redistributable Binary Code may only be distributed in binary format and may not be distributed in source code format: (ii) Redistributable Binary Code may not be distributed on a stand alone basis but may be redistributed in conjunction with and as a part of a software application created by you; (iii) the Redistributable Binary Code may only operate in conjunction with platforms incorporating Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. chipsets; (iv) redistribution of the Redistributable Binary Code must include the .txt file setting forth the terms and condition of this Agreement; (v) you may not use Qualcomm Technologies\rquote  or its affiliates or subsidiaries name, logo or trademarks (vi) you may not run benchmarks against and/or publish benchmark analysis or results of the Redistributable Binary Code; and (vii) copyright, trademark, patent and any other notices that appear on the Materials may not be removed or obscured.\par
1.3Additional Restrictions.\line Except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, you shall have no right to sublicense, transfer or otherwise disclose the Materials to any third party. You shall not reverse engineer, reverse assemble, reverse translate, decompile or reduce to source code form any portion of the Materials provided in object code form or executable form. Except for the purposes expressly permitted in this Agreement, You shall not use the Materials for any other purpose. QTI (or its licensors) shall retain title and all ownership rights in and to the Materials and any alterations, modifications (including all derivative works), translations or adaptations made of the Materials, and all copies thereof, and nothing herein shall be deemed to grant any right to You under any of QTI's or its affiliates\rquote  patents. You shall not subject the Materials to any third party license terms (e.g., open source license terms). You shall not use the Materials for the purpose of identifying or providing evidence to support any potential patent infringement claim against QTI, its affiliates, or any of QTI\rquote s or QTI\rquote s affiliates\rquote  suppliers and/or direct or indirect customers. QTI hereby reserves all rights not expressly granted herein.\par
1.4Third Party Software and Materials.\line The Software may contain or link to certain software and/or materials that are written or owned by third parties. Such third party code and materials may be licensed under separate or different terms and conditions and are not licensed to you under the terms of this Agreement. You agree to comply with all terms and conditions imposed on you in the applicable third party licenses. Such terms and conditions may impose certain obligations on you as a condition to the permitted use of such third party code and materials. QTI does not represent or warrant that such third party licensors have or will continue to license or make available their code and materials to you.\par
1.5Feedback.\line QTI may from time to time receive suggestions, feedback or other information from You regarding the Materials. Any suggestions, feedback or other disclosures received from You are and shall be entirely voluntary on the part of You. Notwithstanding any other term in this Agreement, QTI shall be free to use suggestions, feedback or other information received from You, without obligation of any kind to You. The Parties agree that all inventions, product improvements, and modifications conceived of or made by QTI that are based, either in whole or in part, on ideas, feedback, suggestions, or recommended improvements received from You are the exclusive property of QTI, and all right, title and interest in and to any such inventions, product improvements, and modifications will vest solely in QTI.\par
1.6No Technical Support.\line QTI is under no obligation to provide any form of technical support for the Materials, and if QTI, in its sole discretion, chooses to provide any form of support or information relating to the Materials, such support and information shall be deemed confidential and proprietary to QTI.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx720 2.\tab WARRANTY DISCLAIMER.\line YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE MATERIALS AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT, IF ANY, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. QTI ITS LICENSORS AND AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE MATERIALS OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION OR DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, OR ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF TRADE USAGE OR OUT OF A COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. NOTHING CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS (I) A WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION BY QTI, ITS LICENSORS OR AFFILIATES AS TO THE VALIDITY OR SCOPE OF ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT OR (II) A WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION BY QTI THAT ANY MANUFACTURE OR USE WILL BE FREE FROM INFRINGEMENT OF PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS, AND IT SHALL BE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF YOU TO MAKE SUCH DETERMINATION AS IS NECESSARY WITH RESPECT TO THE ACQUISITION OF LICENSES UNDER PATENTS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OF THIRD PARTIES.\par
3.\tab NO OTHER LICENSES OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.\line Neither this Agreement, nor any act by QTI or any of its affiliates pursuant to this Agreement or relating to the Materials (including, without limitation, the provision by QTI or its affiliates of the Materials), shall provide to You any license or any other rights whatsoever under any patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights or any other intellectual property of QTI or any of its affiliates, except for the copyright rights expressly licensed under this Agreement. You understand and agree that:\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx1440 i.\tab Neither this Agreement, nor delivery of the Materials, grants any right to practice, or any other right at all with respect to, any patent of QTI or any of its affiliates; and \par
ii.\tab A separate license agreement from QUALCOMM Incorporated is needed to use or practice any patent of QUALCOMM Incorporated. You agree not to contend in any context that, as a result of the provision or use of the Materials, either QTI or any of its affiliates has any obligation to extend, or You or any other party has obtained any right to, any license, whether express or implied, with respect to any patent of QTI or any of its affiliates for any purpose.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx720 4.\tab TERMINATION.\line This Agreement shall be effective upon acceptance, or access or use of the Materials (whichever occurs first) by You and shall continue until terminated. You may terminate the Agreement at any time by deleting and destroying all copies of the Materials and all related information in Your possession or control. This Agreement terminates immediately and automatically, with or without notice, if You fail to comply with any provision hereof. Additionally, QTI may at any time terminate this Agreement, without cause, upon notice to You. Upon termination You must, to the extent possible, delete or destroy all copies of the Materials in Your possession and the license granted to You in this Agreement shall terminate. Sections 1.2 through 10 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. In the event that any restrictions, conditions, limitations are found to be either invalid or unenforceable, the rights granted to You in Section 1 (License) shall be null, void and ineffective from the Effective Date, and QTI shall also have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately, and with retroactive effect to the effective date.\par
5.\tab LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.\line IN NO EVENT SHALL QTI, QTI\rquote S AFFILIATES OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, OR OTHER INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE, OR THE DELIVERY OR FAILURE TO DELIVER, ANY OF THE DELIVERABLES, OR ANY BREACH OF ANY OBLIGATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF QTI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL REMAIN IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOUR REMEDIES HEREUNDER ARE DETERMINED TO HAVE FAILED OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF QTI, QTI\rquote s AFFILIATES AND ITS LICENSORS, AND THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF YOU, FOR ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING HEREUNDER (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL NOT EXCEED US$50.\par
6.\tab INDEMNIFICATION.\line You agree to indemnify and hold harmless QTI and its officers, directors, employees and successors and assigns against any and all third party claims, demands, causes of action, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, incurred by QTI (including but not limited to costs of defense, investigation and reasonable attorney\rquote s fees) arising out of, resulting from or related to: (i) any breach of this Agreement by You; and (ii) your acts, omissions, products and services. If requested by QTI, You agree to defend QTI in connection with any third party claims, demands, or causes of action resulting from, arising out of or in connection with any of the foregoing.\par
7.\tab ASSIGNMENT.\line You shall not assign this Agreement or any right or interest under this Agreement, nor delegate any obligation to be performed under this Agreement, without QTI\rquote s prior written consent. For purposes of this Section 7, an \ldblquote assignment\rdblquote  by You under this Section shall be deemed to include, without limitation, any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, or any substantial change in the management or control of You. Any attempted assignment in contravention of this Section 9 shall be void. QTI may freely assign this Agreement or delegate any or all of its rights and obligations hereunder to any third party.\par
8.\tab COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS; APPLICABLE LAW.\line You agree to comply with all applicable local, international and national laws and regulations and with U.S. Export Administration Regulations, as they apply to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding California\rquote s choice of law rules.\par
9.\tab CONTRACTING PARTIES.\line If the Materials are downloaded on any computer owned by a corporation or other legal entity, then this Agreement is formed by and between QTI and such entity. The individual accepting the terms of this Agreement represents and warrants to QTI that they have the authority to bind such entity to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.\par
This Agreement, together with all exhibits attached hereto, which are incorporated herein by this reference, constitutes the entire agreement between QTI and You and supersedes all prior negotiations, representations and agreements between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. No addition or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the respective representatives of QTI and You. The restrictions, limitations, exclusions and conditions set forth in this Agreement shall apply even if QTI or any of its affiliates becomes aware of or fails to act in a manner to address any violation or failure to comply therewith. You hereby acknowledge and agree that the restrictions, limitations, conditions and exclusions imposed in this Agreement on the rights granted in this Agreement are not a derogation of the benefits of such rights. You further acknowledges that, in the absence of such restrictions, limitations, conditions and exclusions, QTI would not have entered into this Agreement with You. Each party shall be responsible for and shall bear its own expenses in connection with this Agreement. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are determined to be invalid, illegal, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement is entered into solely in the English language, and if for any reason any other language version is prepared by any party, it shall be solely for convenience and the English version shall govern and control all aspects. If You are located in the province of Quebec, Canada, the following applies: The Parties hereby confirm they have requested this Agreement and all related documents be prepared in English. \par
----------------------------------QTI License Terms End Here------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b Range-parser v1.0.0 \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuck\~ <vision-media.ca> \line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\sl259\slmult0 ------------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Rapidjson 1.0.0\par
\b0 Copyright (C) 2015 THL A29 Limited, a Tencent company, and Milo Yip. All rights reserved.\par
If you have downloaded a copy of the RapidJSON binary from Tencent, please note that the RapidJSON binary is licensed under the MIT License.\par
If you have downloaded a copy of the RapidJSON source code from Tencent, please note that RapidJSON source code is licensed under the MIT License, except for the third-party components listed below which are subject to different license terms. Your integration of RapidJSON into your own projects may require compliance with the MIT License, as well as the other licenses applicable to the third-party components included within RapidJSON.\par
A copy of the MIT License is included in this file.\par
Other dependencies and licenses:\par
Open Source Software Licensed Under the BSD License:\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Regents of the University of California\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 1982, 1986, 1990, 1993 \line The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \line\line 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \line\line 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: \line\line This product includes software developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors. \line\line 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \line\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0 ----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b RequireJS \par
\b0 Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors, {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://jquery.org/ }}{\fldrslt{https://jquery.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\lang1033\line\cf0\lang9 Provided for Informational Purposes Only\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\b -------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 RequireJS-text \par
\b0 Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors, {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://jquery.org/ }}{\fldrslt{https://jquery.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\lang1033\line\cf0\lang9 Provided for Informational Purposes Only\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b RFC 3174\par
\b0 Copyright (C) The Internet Society (2001). All Rights Reserved.\par
This document and translations of it may be copied and furnished to others, and derivative works that comment on or otherwise explain it or assist in its implementation may be prepared, copied, published and distributed, in whole or in part, without restriction of any kind, provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are included on all such copies and derivative works. However, this document itself may not be modified in any way, such as by removing the copyright notice or references to the Internet Society or other Internet organizations, except as needed for the purpose of developing Internet standards in which case the procedures for copyrights defined in the Internet Standards process must be followed, or as required to translate it into languages other than English.\par
The limited permissions granted above are perpetual and will not be revoked by the Internet Society or its successors or assigns.\par
This document and the information contained herein is provided on an "AS IS" basis and THE INTERNET SOCIETY AND THE INTERNET ENGINEERING TASK FORCE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b RFC 3550\b0  \par
Copyright (C) The Internet Society (2001). All Rights Reserved.\par
This document and translations of it may be copied and furnished to others, and derivative works that comment on or otherwise explain it or assist in its implementation may be prepared, copied, published and distributed, in whole or in part, without restriction of any kind, provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are included on all such copies and derivative works. However, this document itself may not be modified in any way, such as by removing the copyright notice or references to the Internet Society or other Internet organizations, except as needed for the purpose of developing Internet standards in which case the procedures for copyrights defined in the Internet Standards process must be followed, or as required to translate it into languages other than English.\par
The limited permissions granted above are perpetual and will not be revoked by the Internet Society or its successors or assigns.\par
This document and the information contained herein is provided on an "AS IS" basis and THE INTERNET SOCIETY AND THE INTERNET ENGINEERING TASK FORCE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ----------------------------------\par
\b RFC 4034\par
\b0 Copyright (C) The Internet Society (2005). \par
This document is subject to the rights, licenses and restrictions contained in BCP 78, and except as set forth therein, the authors retain all their rights. \par
This document and the information contained herein are provided on an "AS IS" basis and THE CONTRIBUTOR, THE ORGANIZATION HE/SHE REPRESENTS OR IS SPONSORED BY (IF ANY), THE INTERNET SOCIETY AND THE INTERNET ENGINEERING TASK FORCE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. \par
Intellectual Property\par
The IETF takes no position regarding the validity or scope of any Intellectual Property Rights or other rights that might be claimed to pertain to the implementation or use of the technology described in this document or the extent to which any license under such rights might or might not be available; nor does it represent that it has made any independent effort to identify any such rights. Information on the procedures with respect to rights in RFC documents can be found in BCP 78 and BCP 79. \par
Copies of IPR disclosures made to the IETF Secretariat and any assurances of licenses to be made available, or the result of an attempt made to obtain a general license or permission for the use of such proprietary rights by implementers or users of this specification can be obtained from the IETF on-line IPR repository at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.ietf.org/ipr }}{\fldrslt{http://www.ietf.org/ipr\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 . \par
The IETF invites any interested party to bring to its attention an copyrights, patents or patent applications, or other proprietary rights that may cover technology that may be required to implement this standard. Please address the information to the IETF at ietf-ipr@ietf.org. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b RFC 7049\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 Copyright (c) 2013 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the document authors. All rights reserved.\par
This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal Provisions Relating to IETF Documents ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info }}{\fldrslt{http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 ) in effect on the date of publication of this document. Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect to this document. Code Components extracted from this document must include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as described in the Simplified BSD License. and (see {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://trustee.ietf.org/documents/IETF-TLP-5_001.html }}{\fldrslt{http://trustee.ietf.org/documents/IETF-TLP-5_001.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 )\par
Copyright (c) IETF Trust and the persons identified as authors of the code. All rights reserved.\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
Neither the name of Internet Society, IETF or IETF Trust, nor the names of specific contributors, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \ldblquote AS IS\rdblquote  AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
---------------------------------- \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b RSA MD5\b0\par
Copyright (C) 1991-2, RSA Data Security, Inc. Created 1991. All rights reserved. \par
License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing this software or this function. \par
License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided that such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing the derived work. \par
RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no representations concerning either the merchantability of this software or the suitability of this software for any particular purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty of any kind. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 These notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this documentation and/or software.\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b SafeInt\b0  \par
SafeInt.hpp \line Version 3.0.14p \par
This software is licensed under the Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL). \par
For more information about Microsoft open source licenses, refer to \line {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.microsoft.com/opensource/licenses.mspx }}{\fldrslt{http://www.microsoft.com/opensource/licenses.mspx\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19  \par
This license governs use of the accompanying software. If you use the software, you accept this license. If you do not accept the license, do not use the software. \par
Definitions \par
The terms "reproduce," "reproduction," "derivative works," and "distribution" have the same meaning here as under U.S. copyright law. A "contribution" is the original software, or any additions or changes to the software. \par
A "contributor" is any person that distributes its contribution under this license. \line "Licensed patents" are a contributor's patent claims that read directly on its contribution. \par
Grant of Rights\par
(A) Copyright Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to reproduce its contribution, prepare derivative works of its contribution, and distribute its contribution or any derivative works that you create. \par
(B) Patent Grant- Subject to the terms of this license, including the license conditions and limitations in section 3, each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license under its licensed patents to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and/or otherwise dispose of its contribution in the software or derivative works of the contribution in the software. \par
Conditions and Limitations \par
(A) No Trademark License- This license does not grant you rights to use any contributors' name, logo, or trademarks. \line (B) If you bring a patent claim against any contributor over patents that you claim are infringed by the software, your patent license from such contributor to the software ends automatically. \line (C) If you distribute any portion of the software, you must retain all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices that are present in the software. \line (D) If you distribute any portion of the software in source code form, you may do so only under this license by including a complete copy of this license with your distribution. If you distribute any portion of the software in compiled or object code form, you may only do so under a license that complies with this license. \line (E) The software is licensed "as-is." You bear the risk of using it. The contributors give no express warranties, guarantees, or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this license cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, the contributors exclude the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. \par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b -----------------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ScanSoft, Inc.\b0  \par
TextBridge\'ae OCR \'a9 by ScanSoft, Inc.\line University of Southern California\line Copyright \'a9 1996 by the University of Southern California\par
All rights reserved.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation in source and binary forms for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that both the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies, and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other materials related to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed in part by the University of Southern California, Information Sciences Institute. The name of the University may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \par
THE UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\par
Other copyrights might apply to parts of this software and are so noted when applicable.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b -----------------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\lang1033 ScrollTrigger v0.3.6\par
\b0\par
The MIT License (MIT)\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2016 Erik Terwan\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ""Software""), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang9\par
------------------------------------------\par
\b Send v0.5.0 \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuck\~ <vision-media.ca> \line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ----------------------------------\par
\b Service Modeling Language (SML) Schema Document\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2006 by BEA, BMC, CA, Cisco, Dell, EMC, HP, IBM, Intel, Microsoft, and Sun. All rights reserved.\par
Permission to copy, display, and distribute this Service Modeling Language (SML) Schema Document, in any medium without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the SML Schema Document, or portions thereof, that you make:\par
1. A link or URL to the SML Schema Document at this location: \line {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://schemas.serviceml.org/sml/2007/02/sml.xsd }}{\fldrslt{http://schemas.serviceml.org/sml/2007/02/sml.xsd\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19  \par
2. The copyright notice as shown in the SML Schema Document.\par
BEA, BMC, CA, Cisco, Dell, EMC, HP, IBM, Intel, Microsoft, and Sun (collectively, the \ldblquote Authors\rdblquote ) each agree to grant you a royalty-free license, under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms and conditions to their respective patents that they deem necessary to implement the Service Modeling Language Schema Document.\par
THE SML SCHEMA DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND THE AUTHORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE; THAT THE CONTENTS OF THE SML SCHEMA DOCUMENT ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT THE IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
THE AUTHORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SML SCHEMA DOCUMENT.\par
The name and trademarks of the Authors may NOT be used in any manner, including advertising or publicity pertaining to the SML Schema Document or its contents without specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in the SML Schema Document will at all times remain with the Authors.\par
(c) 2001-2006 BEA Systems, Inc., BMCSoftware, CA, Inc., \line International Business MachinesCorporation, Layer 7 Technologies, Microsoft Corporation, Inc., Novell, Inc.and VeriSign, Inc. All rights reserved.\par
Permission to copy, display, perform, modify and distribute WS-AUTHORIZATION.XSD (the "Document"), and to authorize others to do the foregoing, in any medium without fee or royalty is hereby granted for the purpose of developing and evaluating the Document.\par
BEA Systems, BMC Software, CA Inc., IBM, Layer 7 Technologies, Microsoft, Novell and VeriSign (collectively, the "Authors") each agree to grant a license to third parties, under royalty-free and otherwise reasonable, non-discriminatory terms and conditions, to their respective essential patent claims that they deem necessary to implement the Document.\~ \par
THE DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND THE AUTHORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE; THAT THE CONTENTS OF THE DOCUMENT IS SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT THE IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY, PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. \par
THE AUTHORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE DOCUMENT OR THE PERFORMANCE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONTENTS THEREOF. \par
You may remove these disclaimers from your modified versions of the Document provided that you effectively disclaim all warranties and liabilities on behalf of all copyright holders in the copies of any such modified versions you distribute. \par
The name and trademarks of the Authors may NOT be used in any manner, including advertising or publicity pertaining to the Document or its contents without specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in the Document will at all times remain with the Authors. \par
(c) 2001-2006 BEA Systems Inc., International Business Machines Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Inc., SAP AG, Sonic Software, and VeriSign, Inc. All rights reserved. \par
Permission to copy and display the WS-Policy Specification (the "Specification", which includes WSDL and schema documents), in any medium without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the WS-Policy Specification, that you make: \par
1. A link or URL to the WS-Policy Specification at one of the Authors' websites \line 2. The copyright notice as shown in the WS-Policy Specification. \par
BEA Systems, IBM, Microsoft, SAP, Sonic Software, and VeriSign (collectively, the "Authors") each agree to grant you a license, under royalty-free and otherwise reasonable, non-discriminatory terms and conditions, to their respective essential patent claims that they deem necessary to implement the WS-Policy Specification. \par
THE WS-POLICY SPECIFICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND THE AUTHORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE; THAT THE CONTENTS OF THE WS-POLICY SPECIFICATION ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT THE IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. \par
THE AUTHORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE WS-POLICY SPECIFICATION. \par
The name and trademarks of the Authors may NOT be used in any manner, including advertising or publicity pertaining to the WS-Policy Specification or its contents without specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in the WS-Policy Specification will at all times remain with the Authors. \par
No other rights are granted by implication, estoppel or otherwise. \par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 -------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b SharpDX\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2010-2014 SharpDX - Alexandre Mutel\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b ----------------------------------------\par
sigmund \b0\line\line Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter ("Author") \line\line All rights reserved. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang1033 The ISC License\line Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\lang9\par
-------------------------------\par
\b Silicon Graphics, Inc\b0 . \par
Copyright (C) Silicon Graphics, Inc. All Rights Reserved. \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice including the dates of first publication and either this permission notice or a reference to {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/ }}{\fldrslt{http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19  shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL SILICON GRAPHICS, INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of Silicon Graphics, Inc. shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Silicon Graphics, Inc. \par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\sl259\slmult0 ------------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Slickgrid\par
\b0 The MIT License\line\cf4\lang1033 Copyright (c) 2010 Michael Leibman, \line {\cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://github.com/mleibman/slickgrid }}{\fldrslt{http://github.com/mleibman/slickgrid\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\par
\cf0\lang9 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------------------------\par
\b Sonic\b0\par
\cf3 Copyright 2010, 2011, Bill Cox, all rights reserved\line\cf0 Provided for Informational Purposes Only\~\line Apache 2.0 License\~\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19\~\par
THIS CODE IS PROVIDED ON AN *AS IS* BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABLITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.\~\par
See the Apache Version 2.0 License for specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.\~\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0 ----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b spankyj-knockout-winjs\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2013 Josh Williams\line Provided for Informational Purposes Only\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 ------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Spider Systems \'ae Limited\b0\par
Copyright 1987 Spider Systems Limited\line Copyright 1988 Spider Systems Limited\line Copyright 1990 Spider Systems Limited\line Portions of this software are based in part on the work of Seagate Software.\par
ACE*COMM Corp. \line Copyright 1995-1997 ACE*COMM Corp\par
Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics, Inc. \line Copyright \'a9 1988-1997 Sam Leffler\par
Copyright \'a9 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that (i) the above copyright notices and this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the specific, prior written permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
\par
------------------------------------------------\b\par
SQLite3\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar v3.19.2\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 {\b0\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.sqlite.org/copyright.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.sqlite.org/copyright.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf2\b0\f0\fs19\lang1033\line\cf0\lang9 SQLite Is Public Domain\par
All of the code and documentation in SQLite has been dedicated to the {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_Domain" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf5\ul\lang9 public domain}}}}\f0\fs19  by the authors. All code authors, and representatives of the companies they work for, have signed affidavits dedicating their contributions to the public domain and originals of those signed affidavits are stored in a firesafe at the main offices of {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hwaci.com/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf5\ul\lang9 Hwaci}}}}\f0\fs19 . Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute the original SQLite code, either in source code form or as a compiled binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any means. \par
The previous paragraph applies to the deliverable code and documentation in SQLite - those parts of the SQLite library that you actually bundle and ship with a larger application. Some scripts used as part of the build process (for example the "configure" scripts generated by autoconf) might fall under other open-source licenses. Nothing from these build scripts ever reaches the final deliverable SQLite library, however, and so the licenses associated with those scripts should not be a factor in assessing your rights to copy and use the SQLite library. \par
All of the deliverable code in SQLite has been written from scratch. No code has been taken from other projects or from the open internet. Every line of code can be traced back to its original author, and all of those authors have public domain dedications on file. So the SQLite code base is clean and is uncontaminated with licensed code from other projects. \line\par
\par
----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\sb120\sa120\b\lang1033 SSLeay\f4\fs22\par
\b0\f0\fs19\lang9 Copyright \'a9 Eric Young ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:eay@cryptsoft.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\lang9 eay@cryptsoft.com}}}}\f0\fs19 ) and Tim Hudson ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:tjh@cryptsoft.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\lang9 tjh@cryptsoft.com}}}}\f0\fs19 )\line SSLeay License\line\line All rights reserved. \par
This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:eay@cryptsoft.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\lang9 eay@cryptsoft.com}}}}\f0\fs19 ). \line The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL. \par
This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are aheared to. The following conditions apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash , DES, etc., code;\par
not just the SSL code. The SSL documentation included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:tjh@cryptsoft.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\lang9 tjh@cryptsoft.com}}}}\f0\fs19 ). \par
Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code are not to be removed. \line If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used. This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package. \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120 Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: \line "This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:eay@cryptsoft.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\lang9 eay@cryptsoft.com}}}}\f0\fs19 )" \line The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library being used are not cryptographic related :-). \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement: \line "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:tjh@cryptsoft.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\lang9 tjh@cryptsoft.com}}}}\f0\fs19 )" \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or derivative of this code cannot be changed. i.e. this code cannot simply be copied and put under another distribution licence [including the GNU Public Licence.] \par
\par
----------------------------------\par
\b Stephen Satchell\b0  \par
Copyright (C) 1986 Stephen Satchell.\par
Programmers may incorporate any or all code into their programs, giving proper credit within the source. Publication of the source routines is permitted so long as proper credit is given to Stephen Satchell, Satchell Evaluations and Chuck Forsberg, Omen Technology. \par
\par
-------------------------------\par
\b Stream-counter v0.2.0 \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2013 Andrew Kelley\line MIT License \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the Software), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF\~MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\~NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b -----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Sun Microsystems, Inc.\b0\par
Sun RPC is a product of Sun Microsystems, Inc. and is provided for unrestricted use provided that this legend is included on all tape media and as a part of the software program in whole or part. Users may copy or modify Sun RPC without charge, but are not authorized to license or distribute it to anyone else except as part of a product or program developed by the user.\par
SUN RPC IS PROVIDED AS IS WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF DESIGN, MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE.\par
Sun RPC is provided with no support and without any obligation on the part of Sun Microsystems, Inc. to assist in its use, correction, modification or enhancement.\par
SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR ANY PATENTS BY SUN RPC OR ANY PART THEREOF.\par
In no event will Sun Microsystems, Inc. be liable for any lost revenue or profits or other special, indirect and consequential damages, even if Sun has been advised of the possibility of such damages. \par
Sun Microsystems, Inc.\line 2550 Garcia Avenue\line Mountain View, California 94043\par
Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. \ldblquote Dolby\rdblquote  and the double-D symbol are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories. Confidential unpublished works. Copyright 1992-1997 Dolby Laboratories. All rights reserved.\par
Contains Adobe\'ae [Flash\'ae and/or Shockwave\'ae] Player technology by Adobe Systems Incorporated. Copyright \'a9 1996 \endash  2013 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved. Adobe, Flash, and Shockwave are trademarks or registered trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and internationally.\par
Andrei Alexandrescu\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
----------------------------------\par
\b SUN RPC\b0\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 * Sun RPC is a product of Sun Microsystems, Inc. and is provided for unrestricted use provided that this legend is included on all tape media and as a part of the software program in whole or part. Users may copy or modify Sun RPC without charge, but are not authorized to license or distribute it to anyone else except as part of a product or program developed by the user.\par
* SUN RPC IS PROVIDED AS IS WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF DESIGN, MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE.  \par
* Sun RPC is provided with no support and without any obligation on the part of Sun Microsystems, Inc. to assist in its use, correction, modification or enhancement.\par
* SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR ANY PATENTS BY SUN RPC OR ANY PART THEREOF.\par
* In no event will Sun Microsystems, Inc. be liable for any lost revenue or profits or other special, indirect and consequential damages, even if  Sun has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
** Sun Microsystems, Inc.\line * 2550 Garcia Avenue\line * Mountain View, California 94043\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 -------------------------------\par
\b The Loki Library\par
\b0 Copyright \'a9 2001 by Andrei Alexandrescu\par
This code accompanies the book:\line Alexandrescu, Andrei. "Modern C++ Design: Generic Programming and Design Patterns Applied." Copyright \'a9 2001. Addison-Wesley. \par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
The author or Addison-Welsey Longman make no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
Distributed Management Task Force, Inc. (DMTF)\line Copyright \'a9 2007 Distributed Management Task Force, Inc. (DMTF). All rights reserved.\par
Portions of this work are derived from "The Draft Standard C++ Library" Copyright \'a9 1995 by P.J. Plauger published by Prentice-Hall and are used with permission.\par
Portions Copyright 2002-2007 Charlie Poole or Copyright 2002-2004 James W. Newkirk, Michael C. Two, Alexei A. Vorontsov or Copyright 2000-2002 Philip A. Craig\par
Hewlett-Packard Company\line Copyright \'a9 2002, 2003 Hewlett-Packard Company.\par
About Notice:\par
This software is based on software available from {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mpvtools.sourceforge.net/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul http://mpvtools.sourceforge.net}}}}\f0\fs19 .\par
This software processes a format called MPV. MPV is an open specification for managing collections and multimedia playlists of photo, video, and music content and associated metadata and is available at no cost from the Optical Storage Technology Association. More information about the MPV specification can be found at {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.osta.org/mpv }}{\fldrslt{http://www.osta.org/mpv\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 .\par
Permission Notice:\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice, this permission notice, and the above About Notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR \par
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder. \par
Portions of International CorrectSpell\'99 spelling correction system \'a9 1993 by Lernout & Hauspie Speech Products N.V. All rights reserved. The American Heritage\'ae Dictionary of the English Language, Third Edition Copyright \'a9 1992 Houghton Mifflin Company. Electronic version licensed from Lernout & Hauspie Speech Products N.V. All rights reserved.\par
Portions Copyright \'a9 2005 Gregory Wild-Smith \line Authors Website: {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.twilightuniverse.com/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.twilightuniverse.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19\par
All rights reserved.\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the \ldblquote Software\rdblquote ), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above copyright notice(s), authors website url, and this permission notice appear in all copies of the Software and that the above copyright notice(s), authors url, and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
This product includes software from the Box2D engine developed by Erin Catto ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "../../shahend/Documents/Shawna's Files/MSCOM - Content Refresh/Products-Notices/Windows & Windows ARM/www.box2d.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul www.box2d.org}}}}\f0\fs19 ).\par
\par
------------------------------\par
\b The NetBSD Foundation, Inc.\b0  \par
Copyright (c) 2008 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc. \par
All rights reserved. \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: \par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\b tinycbor v0.3.2\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 a "Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR) Library."\line\line See {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/01org/tinycbor" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\lang9 https://github.com/01org/tinycbor.}}}}\f0\fs19  This material is licensed under the MIT License (see {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/01org/tinycbor/blob/master/LICENSE }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/01org/tinycbor/blob/master/LICENSE\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 ). \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 -------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b Trevnorris-cbuffer\par
\b0 MIT License\line Copyright (c) 2013 Trevor Norris {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:trev.norris@gmail.com" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\lang9 trev.norris@gmail.com}}}}\f0\fs19  \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 ----------------------------------\par
\b TWAIN toolkit \par
\b0 The TWAIN Toolkit is distributed as is. The developer and distributors of the TWAIN Toolkit expressly disclaim all implied, express or statutory warranties including, without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, noninfringement of third party rights and fitness for a particular purpose. Neither the developers nor the distributors will be liable for damages, whether direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential, as a result of the reproduction, modification, distribution or other use of the TWAIN Toolkit. \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\cf4\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\cf0\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b --------------------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Unicode, Inc.\b0  \par
Copyright \'a9 1991-2005 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed under the Terms of Use in {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19 . \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation (the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any associated documentation (the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files or Software are furnished to do so, provided that (a) the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear with all copies of the Data Files or Software, (b) both the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in associated documentation, and (c) there is clear notice in each modified Data File or in the Software as well as in the documentation associated with the Data File(s) or Software that the data or software has been modified.\par
THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
The Combined PostScript Driver was the result of a cooperative development process by Adobe Systems Incorporated and Microsoft Corporation.\par
This product includes DNG technology under license by Adobe Systems Incorporated.\par
Media Cybernetics \line HALO Image File Format Library \'a9 1991-1992 Media Cybernetics, Inc.\line Luigi Rizzo \line\'a9 1997-98 Luigi Rizzo ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:luigi@iet.unipi.it" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\lang9 luigi@iet.unipi.it}}}}\f0\fs19 )\par
Portions derived from code by Phil Karn ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:karn@ka9q.ampr.org" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul karn@ka9q.ampr.org}}}}\f0\fs19 ), Robert Morelos-Zaragoza ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:robert@spectra.eng.hawaii.edu" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul robert@spectra.eng.hawaii.edu}}}}\f0\fs19 ) and Hari Thirumoorthy ({\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:harit@spectra.eng.hawaii.edu" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul\lang9 harit@spectra.eng.hawaii.edu}}}}\f0\fs19 ), Aug 1995\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORS \ldblquote AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
-------------------------------\par
\b University of Illinois\b0  \par
University of Illinois/NCSA \line Open Source License\line Copyright (c) 2003-2010 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. \par
All rights reserved. \par
Developed by:\par
LLVM Team \line University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign \line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://llvm.org }}{\fldrslt{http://llvm.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19  \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers. \par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
* Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific prior written permission. \par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE SOFTWARE. \line\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sl259\slmult0\par
-----------------------------------\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b upcaste \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\cf4\b0 The MIT License\line\cf0 Copyright (C) 2012-2013 Jesse W. Towner \par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: \par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
------------------------------- \b\par
W3C\b0\par
Copyright 1998-2004 W3C (MIT, ERCIM, Keio),\par
All Rights Reserved. Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute the SSML core schema and its accompanying documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted in perpetuity, provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph appear in all copies. The copyright holders make no representation about the suitability of the schema for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without expressed or implied warranty. \par
\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b W3C\b0  \par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 W3C \'ae SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE\par
{\cf2\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2002/copyright-software-20021231\par
}}}}\f0\fs19 This work (and included software, documentation such as READMEs, or other related items) is being provided by the copyright holders under the following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions.\par
Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications:\par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the redistributed or derivative work. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms and conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice should be included (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the body of any redistributed or derivative code. \par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide URLs to the location from which the code is derived.) \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.\par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.\par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in this software and any associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\par
----------------------------------\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 WebAudio\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\b0 * Copyright (C) 2010 Google Inc. All rights reserved.\par
*\par
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
*\par
* 1. \~\~\~\~Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
* 2. \~\~\~\~Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
* 3. \~\~\~\~Neither the name of Apple Computer, Inc. ("Apple") nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
*\par
* THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY APPLE AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY  DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES\par
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
\par
------------------------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b WebM (VP9)\par
\b0 Copyright (c) 2010, Google, Inc. All rights reserved.\line\line Provided for Informational Purposes Only \par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
Neither the name of Google nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
_____________________________________\par
All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\par
----------------------------------\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b William E. Kempf, Inc. \par
\b0 (c) Copyright William E. Kempf 2001 \par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. William E. Kempf makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty. \par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- \line\b\line winlibs-libiconv\b0  \line\line This product incorporates copyrighted material from the open source projects listed below (Third-Party IP). The license terms of Microsoft Corporation\rquote s product do not apply to the Third-Party IP which is licensed to you under its original license terms, which are provided below. Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly granted herein, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise. You may find a copy of the Corresponding Source code, if and as required under the Third-Party IP License, at {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://3rdpartysource.microsoft.com/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul\lang9 3rdpartysource.microsoft.com}}}}\f0\fs19 . \par
Copyright (C) 1998, 2010 Free Software Foundation, Inc. \line GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\line Version 3, 29 June 2007\line Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <{\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://fsf.org/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul fsf.org/}}}}\f0\fs19 >\par
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\par
This version of the GNU Lesser General Public License incorporates the terms and conditions of version 3 of the GNU General Public License, supplemented by the additional permissions listed below.\par
0. Additional Definitions. \par
As used herein, \ldblquote this License\rdblquote  refers to version 3 of the GNU Lesser General Public License, and the \ldblquote GNU GPL\rdblquote  refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public License.\par
\ldblquote The Library\rdblquote  refers to a covered work governed by this License, other than an Application or a Combined Work as defined below.\par
An \ldblquote Application\rdblquote  is any work that makes use of an interface provided by the Library, but which is not otherwise based on the Library. Defining a subclass of a class defined by the Library is deemed a mode of using an interface provided by the Library.\par
A \ldblquote Combined Work\rdblquote  is a work produced by combining or linking an Application with the Library. The particular version of the Library with which the Combined Work was made is also called the \ldblquote Linked Version\rdblquote .\par
The \ldblquote Minimal Corresponding Source\rdblquote  for a Combined Work means the Corresponding Source for the Combined Work, excluding any source code for portions of the Combined Work that, considered in isolation, are based on the Application, and not on the Linked Version.\par
The \ldblquote Corresponding Application Code\rdblquote  for a Combined Work means the object code and/or source code for the Application, including any data and utility programs needed for reproducing the Combined Work from the Application, but excluding the System Libraries of the Combined Work.\par
1. Exception to Section 3 of the GNU GPL.\par
You may convey a covered work under sections 3 and 4 of this License without being bound by section 3 of the GNU GPL.\par
2. Conveying Modified Versions. \par
If you modify a copy of the Library, and, in your modifications, a facility refers to a function or data to be supplied by an Application that uses the facility (other than as an argument passed when the facility is invoked), then you may convey a copy of the modified version:\par
a) under this License, provided that you make a good faith effort to ensure that, in the event an Application does not supply the function or data, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful, or \line b) under the GNU GPL, with none of the additional permissions of this License applicable to that copy.\par
3. Object Code Incorporating Material from Library Header Files.\par
The object code form of an Application may incorporate material from a header file that is part of the Library. You may convey such object code under terms of your choice, provided that, if the incorporated material is not limited to numerical parameters, data structure layouts and accessors, or small macros, inline functions and templates (ten or fewer lines in length), you do both of the following:\par
a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the object code that the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License. \line b) Accompany the object code with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license document.\par
4. Combined Works.\par
You may convey a Combined Work under terms of your choice that, taken together, effectively do not restrict modification of the portions of the Library contained in the Combined Work and reverse engineering for debugging such modifications, if you also do each of the following:\par
a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the Combined Work that the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License. \line b) Accompany the Combined Work with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license document. \line c) For a Combined Work that displays copyright notices during execution, include the copyright notice for the Library among these notices, as well as a reference directing the user to the copies of the GNU GPL and this license document. \line d) Do one of the following: \line 0) Convey the Minimal Corresponding Source under the terms of this License, and the Corresponding Application Code in a form suitable for, and under terms that permit, the user to recombine or relink the Application with a modified version of the Linked Version to produce a modified Combined Work, in the manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying Corresponding Source. \line 1) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the Library. A suitable mechanism is one that \line (a) uses at run time a copy of the Library already present on the user's computer system, and (b) will operate properly with a modified version of the Library that is interface-compatible with the Linked Version. \line e) Provide Installation Information, but only if you would otherwise be required to provide such information under section 6 of the GNU GPL, and only to the extent that such information is necessary to install and execute a modified version of the Combined Work produced by recombining or relinking the Application with a modified version of the Linked Version. (If you use option 4d0, the Installation Information must accompany the Minimal Corresponding Source and Corresponding Application Code. If you use option 4d1, you must provide the Installation Information in the manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying Corresponding Source.) \par
5. Combined Libraries.\par
You may place library facilities that are a work based on the Library side by side in a single library together with other library facilities that are not Applications and are not covered by this License, and convey such a combined library under terms of your choice, if you do both of the following:\par
a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities, conveyed under the terms of this License. \line b) Give prominent notice with the combined library that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.\par
6. Revised Versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License.\par
The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns. \par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Library as you received it specifies that a certain numbered version of the GNU Lesser General Public License \ldblquote or any later version\rdblquote  applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that published version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library as you received it does not specify a version number of the GNU Lesser General Public License, you may choose any version of the GNU Lesser General Public License ever published by the Free Software Foundation. \par
If the Library as you received it specifies that a proxy can decide whether future versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License shall apply, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of any version is permanent authorization for you to choose that version for the Library.\line\line\par
-------------------------------\par
\b World Wide Web Consortium \par
\b0 Copyright (c) 1994-2000 World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). \par
All Rights Reserved. \par
This program is distributed under the W3C's Software Intellectual Property License. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See W3C License {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs19  for more details. \par
Copyright \'a9 1995 CERN. "This product includes computer software created and made available by CERN. This acknowledgment shall be mentioned in full in any product which includes the CERN computer software included herein or parts thereof." \par
License\par
By obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions. \par
Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications: \par
The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the redistributed or derivative work. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or terms and conditions. If none exist, the W3C Software Short Notice should be included (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) within the body of any redistributed or derivative code. \par
Notice of any changes or modifications to the files, including the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide URIs to the location from which the code is derived.) \par
Disclaimers\par
THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. \par
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION. \par
The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior permission. Title to copyright in this software and any associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders. \par
\par
----------------------------------\par
\b xHCI Specification Information\b0  \par
Copyright \'a9 2008-2010 Intel Corporation. All rights reserved.\par
{\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.intel.com/technology/usb/download/xHCI_Adopters_Agreement.pdf }}{\fldrslt{http://www.intel.com/technology/usb/download/xHCI_Adopters_Agreement.pdf\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf2\f0\fs19\lang1033  \par
\cf0\lang9 3.2 Copyright License. Subject to Adopter\rquote s compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Intel, on behalf of itself and the Contributors, also hereby grants to Adopter a non-exclusive, royalty-free, non- transferable, non-sublicenseable, worldwide copyright license to the Final Specification to reproduce the Final Specification as necessary in order to exercise the patent rights granted in Section 3.1(a), provided that all reproductions thereof shall include any copyright notices and disclaimers contained in the Final Specification. \par
INTEL ASSUMES NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER AND INTEL DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, RELATING TO SALE AND/OR USE OF INTEL PRODUCTS INCLUDING LIABILITY OR WARRANTIES RELATING TO FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT. \par
\par
----------------------------------\par
\b zlib\b0  \par
Copyright (C) 1995-2002 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler \par
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. \par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions: \par
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required. \par
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software. \par
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\tx2070 Jean-loup Gailly\tab Mark Adler \line {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jloup@gzip.org" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul jloup@gzip.org}}}}\f0\fs19\tab {\lang1033{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:madler@alumni.caltech.edu" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf2\ul madler@alumni.caltech.edu}}}}\f0\fs19\par
\par
}
 